Im really boutta get to flaming on yo ass my nigga tell me why you built like a retarded drill sargeant that pulled 4 fire alarms and got shot in the thigh 8 times my nigga.

My nigga dont let me get on yo “not even bob the builder can fix my face” headass nigga tell me why you pulled down your facemask and someone called you atomic breath.

Im really on yo shit you dumb ass retarded beetle juice looking ass nigga you look like jimmy neutron if he drank monster mixed with gfuel my nigga im on yo shit.

My nigga tell me why i found you taking a shit behind your local H-E-B you really bout dumb ass shit boy tell me why you look like dory from finding nemo im on yo shit.

Nigga your head looks like a dorito my nigga you got that shit from phineas and ferb tell me why i saw you beating your meat to dora the explora at the middle of the night while saying “drop the beat” you dumb ass nigga gothic emo ass nigga.


[Rhyme Pack] Shut up nigga yo name is chase finna leave you in a daze finna have yo ass in gaze after i destroy yo face.

Shut yo dumb ass up nigga tell me why I indian burned your mom in the ankle and i had the bitch saying she was indiana jones my nigga you bout nasty ass shit tell me why i saw you buying faze rug gfuel then washing your face with it nigga.

[Rhyme Pack] Boy you dumb like shit im finna make you do a 360 spin yesterday i saw you playing with bricks, yesterday your cousin’s dog had you embraced my nigga even a animal left you in daze you bum ass nigga you really bout dirty ass shit. 

Shut up you dumb ass nigga i’ll get on yo shit too my nigga i know you aint trynna talk back to me nigga I’ll slap your tounge back into your mouth my nigga you upside down weird body shaped ass nigga. You built like a snowcone wearing a Yankees jersey my nigga you look like the retarded fro-zone.

Shut the fuck up you nasty ass bitch you think you can pack my nigga let me teach you who can pack my nigga i’ll really get on yo shit you dumb ass nigga tell me why you went outside and got a notification and it was your school saying you had the pacer test my nigga then you went outside to train and started hyperventilating in the first 7 seconds you weak ass nigga.
    
[Rhyme Pack] If you think you a troll you aint a funny one my nigga you pack like shit i’ll throw your dead body in a ditch then imma call your mom a bitch my nigga you a snitch finna leave you with a stitch.

Shut the fuck up bitch ass nigga your jokes are ass my nigga tell me why you built like the special ed geico lizard my nigga im on yo bobby shurmda generic special ed cousin headass my nigga i’ll really get on yo bitch ass my nigga your name is ass its straight up wack my nigga.

Im on yo shit my nigga you straight up a bitch you a hoe no cap you look like you’d give a pair of old niggas BJS my nigga you nasty as shitttt im on yo ass nigga.

Nigga yo head so fucking big you had a arguement with jimmy neutron about who had a bigger head my nigga then he called you a bitch and hit you in the side of your head with melted cheese nigga.

Shut up my nigga tell me why you went to your grandpa and you said “i prefer dicks over blicks” you dumb ass nigga im really on yo shit my nigga you fat booger head shaped ass nigga you dirty as fuck. Tell me why yo momma got covid and shat out a plastic straw nigga.

You nasty as shit nigga tell me why i found you giving a crackhead a blowjob for 4 and half quarters my nigga you was wearing a spongebob PJ whenever u went to sleep at 4 AM while playing fortnite arena with -8 points nigga im on yo shit boy.

Shut up nigga tell me why I saw you going to a gumball machine and putting monopoly money you broke ass butt-chin having ass nigga im on yo shit my nigga you really nasty as shit i caught you playing tower of hell with hellen keller.

Shut up before i smack you with a stack of cash that you probably dont even have you lil broke boy im gonna smack you in the back of the head and send you straight to your death bed weird ass bitch.

Im really about to get on yo shit tell me why i caught yo mom sucking someones dick in the corner of K-mart for a blue yeti my nigga you dirty as shit i hit you with a cup of baked beans nigga.

Ok my nigga I may stutter but you look like fucked up butter now im finna get on yo ass you distorted banana built ass nigga tic-tac deep-throating built ass nigga im on yo shit you fat chicken neck having ass bitch.

Shut yo ass up my nigga tell me why you went up to your grandpa with PTSD and showed him cold war and he got paralyzed from WW2 flash-backs my nigga you bout dirty as fuck nigga.

Shut the fuck up you nasty bitch you nasty as shit you floss your teeth with your TV cord my nigga you nasty as shit you look like you drink lube and use condoms as water balloons my nigga.

Shut up bitch you nasty as fuck yesterday I saw you walking around the corner of Walmart searching for snow-flakes in the summer my nigga you dumb as shit.
Tell me why you added your grandpa on discord and used a soundboard on him nigga you nasty as shit you tried to loud-mic an autistic racoon my nigga im on yo shit you fat head ass nigga.

You nasty as shit i saw you flossing your teeth with Ice-Sickles my nigga you nasty as fuck boy tell me why I saw you drinking listerine to make your breath smell better nasty ass bitch.

Shut yo dumb ass up bitch tell me why you farted in a bottle and then squeezed it to smell it my nigga you nasty as fuck boy you went outside to catch lightning in a bottle and that shit struck your thigh and you started calling yourself Thunder thighs.

You nasty as shit tell me why I saw you trying to throw up on purpose so that you could get out of school my nigga then the nurse bitch slapped you with a ice pack and said hold that shit then she back-hand slapped you in the throat with a cheese burger fat boy.

Im on yo shit boy tell me why I caught you in beating your meat to a deformed chicken nugget with then you said you had arachnophobia and sideways slapped the skull of a spider and it lost 7 legs my nigga you nasty as shit.

My nigga that shit was pure plastic tell me why whenever you play hide and seek you blend in with the dark my nigga they say you have invisbility powers they be calling you the fantastic NIGGA-MAN.

Tell me why I caught you mixing cocoa puffs inside a piece of french toast bread my nigga you nasty as shit i caught yo ass trynna join the AKATSUKI and whenever they asked what you do you said you give the best BJS in the block my nigga. 

Shut up nigga you nasty as shit im really finna get on yo shit I caught you fucking a sonic plushie you weird ass nigga then you got slapped in the back of the head by mongraal you nasty ass nigga im on yo shit.
Tell me why everytime you go in the shower you bite your soap to see the different flavors nasty ass nigga i saw you going outside and you looked at the sun and thought it was a yellow skittle my nigga im on yo shit boy. 

Shut up bitch you made your dog listen to Lil Peep then he started to try to OverDose my nigga you nasty as fuck you threatened to DDos your teacher because she gave you homework on a friday night you bum ass nigga.

My nigga tell me why you look like my Ark character my nigga im really gonna get on yo blocky shaped head ass my nigga you retarded ass bitch you really dirty ass fuck my nigga tell me why i saw you beating to shark boy and lava girl costumes at Toys R US nigga.

Im finna get to flaming on yo shit my nigga tell me why I caught you singing little einsteins rocket ship but the UK drill version my nigga i walked in your room and you was singing “we’re going on a trip to my favorite paigan strip” you nasty ass boy.

Shut up nigga tell me why your 4 year old cousin came out of her room and you started singing “Drop dead gorgeous” Foul ass nigga im on yo shit you thomas the train body built ass nigga tell me why your head is shaped like an oreo my nigga.

Tell me why your grandpa injected horse piss inside his legs and when i asked him why he said for horse-power my nigga you bout dirty ass shit you retarded ass nigga you got fruit-flies as pets my nigga.

You dumb as fuck nigga tell me why you went to a resteraunt and they asked you for your favorite food and you said leaves and twigs bum ass nigga i caught you playing twister with your retarded chihuaha nigga. 

You got the biggest underwear my nigga you a retarded professional fortnite player my nigga I saw your grandpa eating waterbottles and he was chasing a mythic squirrel my nigga.

Shut the fuck up you nasty as nigga i caught you playing spin the bottle with a gatorade cap my nigga you nasty as shit i saw you playing with racoons in your tree-house bitch.

Tell me why I saw you listening to travis scott without autotune then you got your grandma’s voice box and started beat boxing to skrillex you nasty as shit.

Alright my nigga im finna get to baking on yo shit my nigga you nasty as shit boy tell me why I saw you recycling monster cans to make a AK-47 my nigga i back-hand slapped you with a cup of whale sperm and you had a juice world moment nasty ass nigga.

Shut up bitch tell me why you flipped over a chair then sat on each of the legs my nigga you nasty as fuck boy tell me why i caught you eating expired fritos on a piece of aluminum foil fat boy.

Shut up my nigga tell me why you looked at the back of Welchs and started meditating because it said 100 percent concentration my nigga your grandma overdosed on ethanol my nigga.

Tell me why you were dm advertising a fruit drink my nigga you was going in dms saying “Cranberry… Every fruit’s best friend!” nasty ass nigga you bout dirty ass shit my boy.

Bum ass nigga you really dirty ass shit my boy you shower with dirt and swallow tic-tacs with coke my nigga you dirty ass nigga you eat ant-piles and drink acid my nigga you dirty as shit.
                                                                
Alright my nigga you look like bobby shmurda if he was a 3’6 tall midget you nasty as shit my nigga im really finna i get on yo star-dust snorting ass you fat ass nigga you retarded as fuck my nigga you gag on your dads 2 millimiter defeater nigga.


Short Jokes Section

You beat your meat to BBW midget porn weird ass bitch.

You built like a Kiribati praying Mantis bum ass nigga.

You look like a cambodian robin williams bitch.

Nigga your dad had sex with Denzel Washington bum ass nigga.

Your uncle built like a tiger shark with kidney stones my nigga.

You built like a lynx with arthritis like shit boy.

Nigga yo sister found you starting beef with a snow-ball fat nigga.

Nigga yo grandma found you interpreting a fish hook.

Nigga you eat water bottles whole thirsty ass nigga.

Yo cat named Carson had sex with a bird hybrid my nigga.

You built like a candy wrapper shrugging bum ass nigga.

Your dad built like a grass-hopper with a set of XL tights.

You built like a thorny devil with a heart disease nigga.

Your grandpa look like a retarded New Zealand exotic cricket.

Nigga your lil sister found you fighting with a bead necklace nigga.

You look like a lice with neck high shorts my nigga you nasty as fuck.

You built like a Denmarck knock-off taco burrito my nigga.

You built like a un-healthy vase my nigga you nasty as shit.

Your mom had a voting license and farted out of excitement.

One Punch Man elbowed your grandma in the neck.

Nigga you had a deep conversation with a sideways oreo.

You look like a Mongolian orphan retarded monkey with fleas my nigga.

Your lil sister is built like a redbull bottle with tights and glasses on.

You built like a hammerhead shark with asthma my nigga.

You more deformed than a A Pair Of Peacocks 500 Piece Jigsaw Puzzle.

Your lil brother found you encouraging a sword nigga.

Your mom saw you getting fucked by a bloody excalibur.

Your sister had sex with robin-hood.

You built like a Venezuela Millipede.

Your uncle saw you hijacking a built in tesla.
Your lil brother found you raising a pencil holder.

You rushed the pentagon with built in gucci aluminum foil slides.

You look like a portugal johnny depp.


You dont got any doors in yo house nigga you jump out the windows.

Your grandpa lives in a gay pride aslyum.

You look like a cheerful easter egg nigga.

You built like a half ate chucky cheese pizza.

You look like a fat koala with ebola.

You eat recycled water bottles hungry ass nigga.

You put snickers bars in microwaves weird ass nigga.

You shower with sand from the beach.

Your lil sister built like a retarded cat.

Your big brother looks like a cricket that has NBA Youngboy on loop.

You snort carolina reapers hungry ass nigga.

Your lunch is a habanero flavored gummy bear nigga.

You dont got dressers in your house nigga.

Your grandma look like a greek killer whale.

Your lil sister look like a latvia dragon nigga.

Your dad plays with blind salamanders.

I saw your mom roleplaying as natsu.

Your uncle got the fairy tail symbol tatted on his booty cheek.


You look like a Pakistani Robert Downey Jr.

You look like Messi if he ended up playing golf.

You look like the retarded Cristiano Ronaldo if he played in the WNBA.

Tell me why you look like phineas and ferb’s special ed cousin samantha.

I saw you juggling balls with a 40 Feet long anaconda.

Shut up nigga you look like a distorted renegade raider.

Your grandpa was a lgbtq warrior.

You look like you stop ice-cream trucks to not buy anythin
g.
Your uncle uses coco-melon as a children magnet.

Your lil sister watches gacha heat and beast stars sex.

Shut up nigga your mom got butt fucked by squidward in the chum bucket.

Shut up nigga you catch roaches in a bottle and make them 1on1 fight.

Tell me why your grandma is first place in the Hall of Autism on listing.

You’re known notoriously for slapboxing milfs in your gas station.


  KO’s joke section.

IM KO finna make your mom wear a bow then make her choke on your dog's chode you fat ass niga you dirty as shit my boy your mic runs 2 HZ my nigga you nasty as shit your face is fabricated your dads a strange crackhead his brain is smaller than a miniature stage my nigga you nasty as shit boy im finna get yo packing on you dum ass crackhead ass nigga you dumb as shit my boy your cousin looks like a retarded ferb my nigga im on yo shit crackhead boy say a pack.

Shut up nigga you ate your moms booty cheeks and got herpes on your lips my nigga you nasty as shit i saw you standing in an oblique direction pointing to the north but actually u pointed to the south at 180- degrees but it was hot so you put on a puffy jacket then it got cold and u put on a tanktop.    

No cap No kizzy i gave your mom my glizzy now im really boutta get to flaming and dazing and leaving in gazing and gaming in your moms sony nintendo imma leave that bitch with a ripped tendon you ugly ass boy you nasty big ass nose having boy weird body shaped having boy weird gay pride having boy.

I got your mom investigating about disintegrating a gate so that she could catch some bait but her rate was hella gay then she changed her name to gabe she called your cousin babe bum ass nigga you dirty as shit rhinoceros horn shaped ass nigga.

I caught your disabled grandma fighting Conor McGregor in the pentagon my nigga you dirty as shit boy you shower with dirt you smell like your grandma’s old over-used sweating shirt you bum ass nigga im really getting on yo shit my boy.

You dirty as shit your mom is a witch that bitch discord server got wizzed by a nigga named nick who likes to touch your dad’s dick my nigga you nasty as shit my boy you snort washing powder to clean your nostrils you dirty ass long chin ass nigga you wear raincoats in sunny days.
 
TELL ME WHY I CAUGHT YOU TRYING TO GO THE GAS STATION TO BUY CHIPS WITH COUNTERFEIT MONOPOLY MONEY NIGGA IM REALLY BOUTTA GET TO THE PACKING AND STACKING AND ACTING ON YO FAT ASS MY NIGGA TELL ME WHY YOU JUMPED OVER A 80 FEET BOULDER JUST TO FALL AND BREAK YOUR HEAD NASTY ASS NIGGA YOU UGLY LIKE SHIT IM FINNA MAKE YOU DO A 360 SPIN YOU UGLY ASS NIGGAAAA. YOU DIRTY AS SHIT BOY YOU SHOWER WITH DIRT AND BRUSH YOUR TEETH WITH YOUR GRANDMA’S MINIMIZED SKIRT YOU NASTY ASS NIGGA YOU SWEAT GREASE YOU FAT DYKE PUSSY ASS NIGGA YOU DIRTY AS SHIT MY BOY,  IM REALLY FLAMING YO FAT ASS YOU NASTY BITCH YOU UGLY AS FUCK, YOU SO LONELY YOU HAVE TO SAY BLOODY MARY IN THE MIRROR 3 TIMES JUST TO HAVE A BITCH TO TALK TO BITCH ASS FUCK NIGGA.

You teach canadian stick bugs to play block ops 2 to help you complete the easter egg in nuke town you are a cyber bullying kangaroo jamaican warrior with dislexic toe nails and cheetah cells.

 you probably smoke pixel dust and fake being high fuck is wrong with you, you dont even use dry off towels to dry yourself off you just turn yo heater on and call it a day you bout dumb as shit you dont even use lights in yo house you just grab magnifying glasses and angle them perfectly to the sun and aim it to whatever you tryna look at you dumb as shit you dont even use pillows to sleep at night you use picture frames with plastic bags over them as pillows you poor as shit fuck is wrong with you you probably went on national TV just to tell the world he stole his moms chicken wings 13 years ago from Windys and you probably dont even drink water you drink that new thick ass water that make yo throat feel like sand paper you bout stupid as shit and yo momma played the game oblivion and got bitch slapped the 3rd NPC she interracted with for being below level 3 my nigga you dumb as shit you eat lollipops like you eating hot dogs you gay ass nigga you put chargers in yo ass hole to regain energy my nigga you dumb as shit on god you are and yo momma built like an air freshiner you bout stupid as shit nigga made a DIY Ben 10 Watch and started lookin like Godzilla nigga started lookin like R2D2 from Star Wars nigga look like Death from The Seventh Seal lookin like The Balloon from The Red Balloon nigga lookin like the Shark from Jaws nigga lookin like the monster from Frankenstein nigga you ugly as shit and yo hairline built like a 4 year olds drawing you bout ugly as shit on god you are nigga playing red light green light with autistic lady bugs on god you do you be snorting weed like its crack you bout stupid as shit on god you do you walk with yo ankles and you hand stand with yo left nipple hairs and you so cross eyed that when you cry yo tears run upwards you ironic ass nigga.


yo broke ass eat lunchables chips and dip for dinner everyday nigga you got scammed for a 50$ amazon gift card by a nigga named yao mein smelly ASS nigga
nigga i caught yo ass tryna beatbox a walrus yo smelly nigga ill cook the shit outta yo ass
nigga yo ass was known in elementary school for selling niggas robux at the lunch table fatass nigga
yo ass play with an ouija board and thought yo ass was summoning demons.
yo ass was slapboxing a turtle named romeo cause he was swallowing raccoons for vbucks.

nigga i caught yo ass playing in the jungle gym tryna learn martial arts from a nigga named ratatouillie 
nigga yo ass spent one night with master splinter and pulled up to your local mcdonalds playplace and tried to teach two 9 year olds the art of kung fu smelly ass nigga.

yo ass built like a fl studio carrot you smelly nigga you got cooked by a nigga named humphrey that nigga said you built like a japanese walnut.

nigga i caught u slapboxing a nigga name donitello for 20 vbucks like shit nigga you was a known school threat because you brought a baguette to school for bring your pet day smelly nigga.

nigga you was in the back of the school bus selling furry pussy for jars of mayonnaise you fatass nigga
nigga you eat toothpicks on the daily yo fatass grandma got gum cancer because she was unimaginably unstable from eating 5 jars of straight pickle juice every friday nigga.

nigga you pulled up to yo local starbucks and started filming two gay niggas kissing i caught yo ass recording a school fight on a macbook nigga i caught yo momma deadlifting 5 turtles on a sunday afternoon
nigga i caught yo ass eating sandy cheeks in the frozen food section of kroger you smelly ass nigga you walked outta that bitch not knowing you had a bora bora waters scented febreeze taped on the back of ya head.
nigga i swiped a himalayan salt lamp across the back of ya neck and yo dumbass said "credit or debit" in a untalented unimaginable robot voice you smelly ass nigga.

i caught yo ass sucking off franklin the turtle to get in the shoe section of goodwill yo nasty ass nigga you was unknowingly snapping your sister pictures of the krabby patty formula fatass nigga.

nigga i caught yo ass tryna break a minecraft endermans ankles to get a pack of goldfish nigga you got hit in the back of ya head with a bottle of windex then you unknowingly started whipping squidward with a led strip
i slapped yo momma upside the head at 2 am with a roll of paper towels that bitch got knocked unconcious boy she got amazingly astounded and was spiritually inclined with the phrase "for a great low rate you can get online go to the general and save some time"
you the only nigga i know that started packing mangos inside of ya suitcase when you was going on a family trip fatass nigga when u finally arrived at the airport you were astonimeshed because mario was there ready to smack you upside thehead with a coopa troopa.

boy yo ass got audibly articulated cause yo grandma hit you in the head with a supersonic laserbeam nigga yo ass beat yo meat with heavily marinated mayonaise
you the only nigga i know that looked up black salami and out of no where u saw a dick and start beating ya meat with chicken salad nigga i caught you pouring tofu juice on ya moms feet while she was asleep and when she woke up you know what she did? she hit you in the back of the head with a expired cherry flavored capri sun.
yo mom got mosquito repellant that she rub on her titties every morning hoping that she'll be blessed with a bottle of crunchy milk you the only nigga i know that walked up to yo teachers whiteboard and started headbutting that bitchwith a force that astonished every nigga in yo classroom.

 you the only nigga i know that pulls up to yo sisters softball games and starts hitting the ball with crutches yo crippled bitch yo ass is a professional spit boxer nigga you be spitting on yo mic for fun
yo ass is known for putting a silencer on a potato launcher and shooting up your local halloween store you fatass nigga thats why yo ugly ass grandmother tries tackling the statue of liberty for fun.

nigga i caught yo ass stealing yo grandmas voice box so you could pull up to sesame street singing nba youngboy through that bitch you succesfully started big bird and you theoretically made elmo start having a seizure
nigga tell me why yo grandma got poison dart frogs mating in the back of her microwave that nasty bitch said it adds a little bit of seasoning.
 
nigga tell me why yo fatass uncle named jerry is well known for being a professional frisbee eater nasty ass nigga.

nigga explain to me how i caught yo ass in the elementary school playground trying to T.P ant hills you bummy weird ass nigga.

yo ass got two pieced by an interdimensional alien with 5 eyes and 6 arms you weak bitch you musty as shit gooseneck ass nigga you was meditating with a group of cockroaches like shit nigga.
 
nigga i caught you tryna run ones with a swahili skittle goat you weird ass nigga you got autistic dung beetles hitting the whipa nae nae on yo grandmothers eyebrows you smelly ass nigga.

nigga i caught yo ass picking yo eyelashes off like they was some tulips you smelly ass nigga ill get to cooking on yo anorexic autistic ass.

nigga tell me why u pulled up to yo school and a random nigga had a how it feels to chew 5 gum ad on his busted ass jbl speaker yo ass started licking yo teachers whiteboard like shit nigga.

nigga yo ass was slapboxing dyslexic squirrels because they stole your snickers bar you fatass nigga you was sticking ya dick through a pencil sharpener you weird ass nigga.

nigga yo ass got arrested for sticking a dildo on a mirror at your local dollar store you cute ass nigga i smacked the shit outta yo grandma with a croissant yo special ed xbox 360 built ass nigga.

nigga you built like an algonquian spider monkey you anorexic ass nigga you got smacked in the back of the head with a creased air force one and started singing the national anthem you fatass nigga.

nigga yo ass got sexually assualted by a minecraft spider jockey after yo momma slapped you upside the head with a beanbag.
nigga i can hear yo chin clap everytime you walk you fatass nigga you be sweating hamburger grease under yo titties you oreo licking bitch.

yo ass be whistling through the gap in yo teeth nigga yo teeth be throwing up gang signs repping the tooth fairy ugly ass nigga.

shut yo "auto bots roll out" havin ass nigga yo ass was eating krabby patties at mcdonalds and got jumped by two renegade raiders you ugly ass niggas.

nigga yo ass got smacked in the ankles by some cambodian sugar squirrels because yo ass dropped some lasagna in the amazon rain forest you nasty bitch
yo ass built like a pansexual bowl of ramen you cute ass nigga ill really gangbang yo ass outside of your local walgreens after i make you guzzle down 2 liters of cough syrup you nasty bitch.

nigga yo grandma slapped you upside the head with a raccoon tail yo ass was stargazed and started singing lil tjay to George Floyds gravestone you dumbass nigga you nasty as shit.

nigga yo ass built like a horny box of bob evans mac and cheese you nasty ass nigga yo ass built like some white syrup you weird ass nigga im on yo shit now
nigga yo ass got assualted by the silver surfer because he threw a cheez it at yo forehead you nasty ass nigga fuck outta here you seafood lobster built ass lean cuisine built ass nigga.

nigga you pulled up to the bowling alley and started slapboxing a chinese bear because he stole you fries you fatass oreo licking  ass nigga.

you was selling raccoon tails on the side of the street you fatass nigga boy you the only nigga i know that play tick tack toe onn top of a turtle shell you ugly ass nigga.

nigga yo ass is so stupid you got two pieced by sid the science kid because you forgot newtons laws of physics you ugly ass nigga.

yo momma nipple built like an upside down retarded febreeze bottle bitch nigga yo mom back built like a skittles box ugly ass nigga.

nigga ya mom got moth legs taped to her eyebrows you weird ass nigga you got one piece of hair sticking up like alfalfa you ugly ass nigga.

nigga explain to me how at 2 am yo ass got smacked in the back of the head by an interdimensional lobster with 3 eyes you weird ass nigga.

nigga tell me why yo ass was walking around sesame street and got bopped with an m4 water gun you ugly ass nigga thats why im on yo chrome nigga you built like a prarie dog with scoliosis you weird body bitch.

nigga yo ass is well known for having daily rap battles with a box of oreos you weird ass nigga im on yo chrome now nigga yo ass got 360 no scoped by a tree branch because you had a pack of twinkies in yo anal cavity you weird ass nigga.
niggaa tell me why yo ass ate a flinstone gummy and started beatboxing with cockroaches yo ass was hittin the quan on top of a piano while jimmy neutron was pouring soy sauce on yo titties weird ass nigga you weird as shit.

nigga tell me why yo ass got reported by a salamander because you were beating your meat with conditioner you smelly ass nigga.

nigga explain to me how yo ass was hitting a triple 540 backflip off of a sail boat and then started groaning because because woody woodpecker smacked you in the back of the head with a bottle of milk you uglyass nigga.

nigga yo ass was getting molested by minnie mouse when all of a sudden you started tap dancing on top of a tomato because stewie griffin was threatening to smack you upside the head with a rubber duck you smelly ass nigga ill cook the shit outta you.

nigga you was flying on a magical carpet with aladin when out of no where you got bopped in the head with a bottle of toothpaste you crusty ass nigga you was scanning marge simpsons hair with a metal detector to see if you could find anylumps of brocolli you weird ass nigga im on yo shit now boy.

nigga i caught yo ass wearing a lamp shade you stole from Azkaban after harry potter made you turn into a warthog salamander cross breed you smelly ass nigga 
nigga tell me why goofy caught yo ass lacking in O block so he made you start headbutting soda cans yo nasty ass boy you was munching on some seasoned cricket legs you weird ass nigga.

nigga tell me why when yo grandma bopped you in the head with a 22 guage shotgun yo ass started humming the pink panther theme song you weird ass nigga.

tell me why yo ass was picking lint off of Mr. Magoo's head you ugly ass nigga yo ass is spiritually inclined with a alaskan snow crab lame ahh nigga stop playing nigga.

nigga tell me why when yo ass was packing your lunch that consisted of raw bologna meat and ritz crackers you got jumped by an iranian cockroach and started juggling the minions from despicable me you ugly ass nigga.

nigga tell me why Jimmy Fallon from the today show smacked you upside the head with a old spice can because you was caught adding naughty to "sugar, spice, and everything nice" yo ass got the whole powerpuff girlsshow canceled you nasty ass nigga.

boy yo ass is uncomedical as shit you was slapboxing an orangutang after he stole your bread and ice you weird ass nigga you really woke up on september 13th and witnessed Patrick Star slapping ya mom upside the head with a rolling pinyou fatass nigga

thats why yo nipples are built like four leave clovers thats why yo mom use to uppercut you in yo jaw she said "she a virgin.... its working"
is that before or after you was hanging out with oompa loompa who was having a jerk circle and smoking a pack with dwaye johnson than that nigga started swallowing his six pack you nasty bum bitch
aye i gotta question, didnt u used to get whoopins with thermometers thats why yo nickname is supa hot fire yo nasty ass
thats why yo mom uppercutted you she said "twinkle twinkle little star" boy yo ass got 3 nipples you ugly ass nigga.

who are you talking to thats why yo ass used to guzzle down arabian bull frogs thats why yo mom is ronald mcdonalds second cousin yo nasty neck ass she related to pop smoke she walked outside wit a watergun "i got it on me".

nigga thats why i slapped yo ass upside the head with the nike logo "just do it" you dumbass nigga explain to me why yo ass is known for notoriously swallowing alaskan bull worms like shit nigga shut yo dumbass up you smelly ass nigga.

nigga yo ass was tryna have salamander sex with a hamster named daquaveyon you fatass nigga i caught yo ass tryna pack a squirrel named humphrey then you got heavily articulated because jimmy neutron shot a
laser beam at yo forehead and yo ass started hitting the quan and singing the iranian dung beetle mating call you dumbass nigga.

nigga you gonna explaain to me why i caught yo ass watching hentai on a gameboy nigga you weird as shit
nigga tell me why yo ass was on freaky eaters because you was addicted to eating barnacles nigga you dumb as hell boy on my momma im cooking the shit outta you.
nigga yo ass got electric testicle hair you nasty ass nigga im on yo shit now boy you tried to slap box winnie the pooh with a spork you weird ass nigga shut yo bitch ass up.

nigga yo ass was juggling Geforce graphic cards when you got transported to another dimension and mickey mouse was there to slap the shit outta you with a wand nigga you got so bedazzled you said "BOWOW" ugly ass nigga.

nigga i caught yo ass selling rotten flesh from minecraft on the dark web you nasty ass nigga im on yo chrome nigga you built like a chinese acorn LOL.

boy i caught yo ass tryna smoke a pack wit yogi bear that nigga smacked you upside the head wit a flinstone gummi and yo ass said "im the coochie man".

NIGGA YOU WAS RUNNING RUNS WITH MAUI WHEN HE SMACKED YOU UPSIDE THE HEAD WITH THE GOLF CLUB PICKAXE FROM FORTITE NIGGA SAID "BOP BOP BOP" UGLY ASS NIGGA STOP PLAYING NIGGA.


fuck no nigga you be stealing bees honey and then got tackled down by bears "down set hut" ugly ass nigga you built like a bald headed ksi who plays basketball instead of soccer you built ass nigga.

nigga ya momma be eating drywall boy that bitch pull up to bath and body works and start drinking the shampoo and conditioner and she started saying she got a hyperadrenaline rush boy she was 
repeating the redbull slogan "redbull give you wiiiiings".

nigga you played airsoft for the first time and started running into walls boy yo ass was l-l-l-l-l-l-lagging in the back like shit nigga you started hitting the electro shuffle on yo elbows nigga you had to file a restraining order on icarly because she kept throwing up the disney logo wit her fingers.
 
nigga yo momma bout asian as she she is a professional bat soup eater dumbass niggaa yo momma be rubbing her cooch wit dog meat and rice dumbass nigga yo grandma be collecting liscensce plates in her basements bitch say a joke.

oh hell no my nigga you not funny ugly ass nigga you pulled up to the hood and started throwing up the naruto shadow clone jitsu and got beamed in the back of the head by a emo bitch monster energy gun fatass nigga.

nigga i pulled yo ears you started singing curious george "i wanna turn the whole thing upside dowwn"
nigga you got swalled by the demogorgon then started eating african booty cheeks in the gta loading screen nigga you built like a beetle bug. i caught yo ass tryna eat a slimy slug.
 
nigga you be eating vinegar and fruitty pebbles for breakfast boy you be drinking battery acid because you thought it would make you be able to strike lightning you dumbass nigga.
nigga you be taking notorious trips to the moon to eat sandy cheeks you dumbass nigga ill slap yo grandma in her kneecaps wit a danimals mini smoothie dumbass nigga
nigga you are a well known penny eater nigga you got metal posoning boy i caught yo ass playing uno on a turtle shell dumbass nigga.

nigga you got slapped in the back of the head with a faze mousepad and started tweaking boy you made it on live news because you started singing nba yougboy dumbass nigga "chops out minimere blop blop".

nigga ill slap yo grandpa in the balls with a flyswatter and make that nigga have waffle shaped testicles ugly ass nigga you be doing social experiments where u lick niggas phone cases for phone
boy you built like peter griffin second boy you was in class picking yaa belly button lint when the faze clan sent you an email offering you to come to the faze house and lick their keycaps.

boy you nasty as hell you be packing samsung smart fridges you nasty ass nigga you dumb as shit ya mom a random subway subsandwich that hacks into her iphone and starts tackling the line backers from plants vs zombies.

boy yo mom back fat as shit she got dragon wings on her shit boy her back built like a candy cane boy shut yo nasty ass up nigga i bopped yo grandam in the back of the head with my school laptop and she started rick rolling every nigga in the family reunion 
"dum dumm dum dum dum dadada dum dum".

oh hell no boy thats why yo grandma got no kneecaps boy she be crip walking instead of walking boy her ass was on dancing with the stars and started doing the floss with her crutches boy she dirty as shit nigga her ass walk like a deoderant licking chicken boy "bawkbawkbawk" ugly ass.

you the only nigga i know that believes with all his heart that hes a dinosaur from the cretaceuous period because you walk around with skittles taped to yo nipples boy you pulled up to mcdonalds and thought you was a professional anonymous hacker when you connected to their wifi you weird as shit.

nigga yo hair is built like the dead seas sodium levels on a graph chart you dumbass nigga you is undeveloped as fuck you got 3 teeth 3 titties and 3 testicles you weird ass nigga oh hell on i caught you eating lasagna at the bikini bottom when mr. crabs jumped you for not eating a krabby patty.

nigga you invented a new reptillian specie called the thornny devil you fat neck ass nigga ya neck built like a gatorade bottle cap you dumbass nigga you pull up to basketball practice in converses dumbass nigga.

nigga you suck orangutang toes for fun you weird neck ass nigga you built like a muslim iguana who eats sour patch kids for fun you dumbass nigga you built like a teriyaki samisaki warior you dubass nigga stop playing 
nigga you was auditioning as the narwhal from finding dory you dumbass nigga yo ass said "narwhals narwhals swimming in the ocean" dumbass nigga you was slapboxing a demonic elephant when he summomed a naruto shuriken that hit you in the head and made you become a rock punk emo band member nigga said
"i chime in with the havent you people ever heard of" dumbass nigga stop playing boy.

nigga you built like michael jacksons vocal cords nigga you came back from the grave and pulled up to ya local mcdonalds and started "HEEE HEEing" dumbass nigga you got worms doing the moonwalk on yo eyebrows you dumbass nigga.

nigga yo ass jerk off with lubricated fan dust you nasty ass nigga you be tryna have boxing matches with your bedbugs nigga your weird like shit.

ya mom built like a mexican cartel drug dealer she be sellig elmo dope her ass said "eyyyy so la chuso ese so quero sa li moto" dumbass nigga yo head built like the ramen flavor packets nigga i caught you stealing boss baby diapers you weird ass nigga.

boy i caught yo ass putting vaseline all over your body and sliding around your house trying to be a slug you weird as hell.

nigga shut yo "i took a left swerve then i took a right yeah" looking ass up nigga you be eating out the desk lady from monsters inc    boy you weird as shit she said *raspy voice* "go faster" nasty ass boy
you shove dum dums up yo ass for fun you nasty neck ass nigga.

you was signing the declaration of independance while evaporating in atarctica with polar bears yo ass is sponsered by crunchyroll
nigga shut yo "party rock is in the house tonight" ass up you was running over a group of preschoolers in a jeep wrangler dumbaass niga
i caught you applying for the gerber life afordable grow up plan for just pennies a day dumbass nigga. 







bitch you nasty lookin sloth take yo dee dee from dexter laboratory nasty ass giraffe built hoe bald headed ass bitch lookin like sumo from clarence cough drop ponytail ass hoe and you built like peter griffin from family guy big fat hippo ass hoe you look like gumball dad from amazing world of gumball fat ass 
hoe looking like edna gap having ass hoe bitch you the fatass girl from alvin and the chipmunks talking about some “my precious” lookin like the donkey from shrek built ass green booger ass hoe lookin like penny wise with yo big ass forehead not even bitch you got a five head built like ursula from the little.

mermaid and lookin like yellow bird from elmo daffy duck lookin ass & lookin like the fat pig from chicKen little mojo mojo lookin ass wide face ass cross eyed hoe lookin like the bald guy from ed edd eddy lookin like doofenshmirtz from Phineas and ferb dorito head ass hoe pointy head ass bitch, bitch im not 
done take yo unparalleled truck skyscraper chowder fat built ass out here lookin like a disused vicky from fairy odd parents lookin like Arthur lookin like the girl from hey Arnold with the pig tails manly lookin ass hoe lookin like the fat girl from kids next door you built like anorexic winnie the poo yo 
windows 7 sign body built ass tell me why yo chin built like a 9 milimeter handgun obese body bitch.

 i caught you lickin dorito crumbs off the homeless shelter floor dirty bitch you look like a booty scratching T-Rex Critacious period looking ass i caught yo momma swinging from tree to tree tarzan neckass boi 
i caught yo dad banging egyptian pube cleaning scisscors together i bet you be chewing on 5 year old gum under the special ed desks take yo tree branch ole ostrich built ass outta here lookin like whole mf baldys basic out hea take dat nasty ass mf musty dusty crusty stick despicable me gruu havin ass body 
out of discord u trifling ass bitch.

My tummy hurt ass nigga,”Thank you come again!" ass nigga,We serve our costumers with a smile ass nigga,rack city ass nigga,Join tha dark side ass nigga,baby got back ass nigga,brady bunch ass nigga,scooby doo ass nigga,loggin into zoom class ass nigga,easy bake oven ass nigga,lemon pepper seasonin' ass nigga,poptart eatin' ass nigga,Its muffin time ass nigga,Dont touch my koolaid ass nigga,wannabe jamaican ass hoe,oink oink ass nigga,Pick my cotton! ass nigga,ol "tag your it" ass nigga,ol "bounce it on beat" ass nigga,gobble me,swallow me ass nigga,tha hash slinging slasher ass nigga, ol stomp tha yard ass nigga,ol camp rock ass nigga,ol Sofiaaa tha first ass nigga,Disney jr, where tha magic begins! ass nigga, Prison break ass nigga,ol single ladies ass nigga,salted french fry ass nigga,slim jim built ass nigga,taste tha rainbow ass nigga,"you said they’re selling chocolate?" ass nigga,buy one get one free ass nigga,T-rex on foot ass nigga,”you've got a friend in me!” head ass nigga.

That was ass nigga you made a clone of yourself using a easythread digital mini 3D printer boy just so
 you could use him to complete the easteregg on the Moon map on Black Ops 3 Zombies nigga you ugly 
as shit

That's why yo ass got LED Lights in yo Toshiba Microwave boy and yo ass be barbecuing jello in that
 shit with sprinkles on top boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass nigga that's why whenever you lose a match of brawlhalla you sneeze in one of yo amazon
 basics kids storage organizer bins boy you nasty as fuck

Yup nigga and that's why yo Acer Aspire 5 Slim Laptop shuts down whenever you get the hick-ups 
boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin to me

That's was ass boy that's why yo 65 inch crystal UHD series samsung Smart TV malfunctions whenever 
someone steps on yo balcony boy you dumb as fuck stop talkin nigga

Yo nasty ass was having a burping competition with the Queen of hearts from Alice in Wonderland and
 Queen Amidala from Star Wars tried to sexually seduce you cuz she wanted to make an amateur porno 
with you nigga you weird as fuck


Nigga yo dumbass tried to kill yoself because you found out the earth was in space nigga you stupid as
fuck boy that's why you're best friends with a spat out piece of gum because you believed it was the real 
life version of Kirby nigga you stupid as shit

yo mom was bussin it back for that nigga sandy cheeks because she was gon give her a TI-84 calculator 
if she did it so she could conquor the world dumb ass nigga yo mom created the letter O because she 
saw the moon and started meditating dumb ass nigga she fell into sleep paralysis, and her sleep paralysis
 demon was a water battle, with the top off bitch ass boi fuck is you saying nigga you are a legendary 
pokemon trainer you beat Ash's pikachu by staring at his tail, dumb ass nigga that's why yo Auntie know 
the secret art of Spinjitsu, her ass can jump up in the air, kill 800 niggas, and fall back to the ground in
 0.0004 seconds nigga yo auntie scary as shit fuck is you saying that's why yo granddad got 
assassinated by a poisonous venus fly trap in south dekota on top of a Ice Cream truck while 
he was charging his chakra dumb ass nigga yo great grandma created basketball, because she 
picked up a rock, and threw it through the middle of a lifesaver bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck 
that's why yo granddad is an experienced agar.io player and he solotricked Donald Trump and gained 
439,543 mass and started giving away all his mass to everyone in the game with a number in they name 
dumb ass nigga yo mom was on a airplane, and she banged her head against the glass, broke 
the window, jumped out, and landed on a trampoline and she bounced back up to the airplane,
 sat down, and pulled out a toolbox, and started fixing the airplane dumb ass nigga you stupid as 
fuck, fuck is you saying nigga you are horrible nigga yo granddad is the best space conservationist 
in the world nigga he made 84 couches, fit inside of a bathroom dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga
 you retarded as fuck yo girlfriend is Sakura so she beats the shit out of you whenever you don't
 acknowledge her dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga you quit gaming, becuz that nigga 
YBN Nahmir, gave yo mom a cheeseburger, you saw that shit ain't have no meat on that shit, yo ass 
awakened yo sharingan and put that nigga into Sleep Paralysis, dumb ass nigga boy you ugly as fuck, yo grandma 360 noscoped Ninja and Tfue ina  fortnite prelobby match on accident, and he banned her account for allegid stream sniping bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom was twerking her ass on top of the london bridge, just so she could make niggas throw nickels at her, and when she saw the nickels ain't have Theodore Rosevelts face on it, she strated panicing, her ass realized she wasn't in the same Country no more dumb ass nigga you retarded as fuck, im on yo ass now nigga you own a gold fish and a alligator, and yo fish ate yo alligator and transformed into a BeyBlade dumb ass nigga because little did you know, that was nemo from finding nemo bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck, on yo ass for real nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom got a bottle of dioxyribo nucleic acid, sitting on the top of her chimney, and whenever it comes in contact with steam, it spawns satan dumb ass nigga, yo mom is a top tier architect, she created the london bridge dumb ass nigga

Nigga your mother is the worst cook in the world she made a lasagna spaghetti flavoured cake for 
Gordon Ramsey and he bitch slapped her with a dirty spatula boy you ugly as fuck


Nigga whenever you get into void vc's you fake having an echo by repeating yoself 3 times after 
you say something nigga your now known as the dungeon packer boy you ugly as fuck


Nigga you got banned from the LGBTQ hideout because you said said the colors of the rainbow 
were ugly nigga you stupid as fuck boy 


Nope nigga you was on Daily Dose Of Internet because a group of angry padestrians caught you 
beat boxing with watery kool-aid and cheeto crumbs in yo mouth boy you talented as fuck nigga

Nigga after you scammed Denis Daily yo sisters Super Mario Maker 2 map got deleted because his 
fans were mad at you boy fuck is you sayin


What are you talking about nigga that's why you use 83 cups of sugar everytime you make a 
gallon of Kool-Aid nigga and whenever you drink one gulp of that shit you instantly get cavities boy 
fuck is you talkin bout


Nigga that's why yo great grandmother was parkouring nigga she had a pogo stick and started 
hopping from chimney to chimney like she was santa nigga fuck is you sayin


Aye nigga the first time you rode a skateboard you started twisting yo spine back and forth 
thinking you was accelerating nigga you dumb as shit 


Nigga you overdosed from adrenaline rushes nigga fuck is you sayin 


Nope nigga that's why you play tennis with a baseball bat because you thought it gave you a plus 
15 strength attribute nigga fuck is you talkin bout


That wasn't funny nigga that's why yo long lost pet jaguar was found in west virginia eating rat soup 
in a pawn shop nigga you ugly as shit 


Nope nigga that's why you opened OBS studio and yo mom walked in and shut down yo computer 
because there was a grain of rice in the Potato chips nigga you ugly as shit
 

That's why all yo subscribers unsubbed from yo youtube channel the first time you did a face-cam 
because you was ugly as shit


Syke nigga yo dumb ass traded yo Samsung Galaxy Note10 for a Pillow Pet because you always 
lonely at night nigga fuck is you talkin bout


Shut up nigga yo bus driver got sick of you smoking ciggaretes at the back of the school-bus so 
he recorded you with a Black and White Vintage Camera and got you expelled from school nigga 
you dumb as shit

 you got a special disease called symtheticalism nigga that shit makes every red blood cell in yo body turn different shapes and sizes dumb ass nigga you failed yo 9th grade geometry quiz cuz you studied the wrong subject dumb ass nigga you was studying the water cycle for yo math quiz nigga i dont wanna hear any of that

nigga whenever you forget yo roblox password you have a panic attack and fall into sleep paralysis nigga yo mother walk in yo room with a sheet of paper with yo new password on it you get up and start playin Ninja Tycoon like nothing happened, bitch ass nigga like yo ass aint got a step cousin that lives in China-Town, that nigga be delivering you sampled Orange Chicken from a Rooster farm in Mexico to pay yo child-support bills nigga you jumped off the twin towers cuz yo ass aint have the money to pay that shit you stupid bitch mid 
you got mad and started beatin yo meat with Hi-C from McDonalds dumb ass nigga I don't wanna hear any of that shit you hideous ass nigga you ugly as shit nigga you look like that nigga Choji from Naruto Shippuden and yo father look like All Might From My Hero Academia and yo Mother look like Asuna from Sword Art Online dumb ass nigga yo father went to jail in 2019 cuz that nigga was sexually harassing a fruit-fly in his basement, yo mom tried to pay for that nigga Early Release that nigga didn't want to leave cuz the jail cafateria served PB&J's dumb ass nigga you was sitting on the electricution chair and flexed ya left pinkie toe and broke out of it nigga you was high on 17 acid tabs at 7 o'clock in the morning moon gazing and, you lost all touch of yo thumb nigga that shit went numb so yo ass couple text yo e-bitch back on iMessage you had to reply to her typing with yo index finger that shit took you 14 minutes just tap the send button dumb ass 

nigga you got a ancient hankerchiff in yo living room that summons Carribean spirits to yo laundry room whenever you sing "Marry Had A Little Lam" under yo christmas tree on sunday nigga you had to call the Ghost Busters to put duck tape around yo house and chant an ancient ritual that makes spirits have epilepsy dumb ass nigga yo ass was riding yo scooter through the driveway at Wendy's that nigga Donald Trump was the waitress that nigga shot the back of yo head with a water gun and gave you a wet-willie in yo dick hole gay ass nigga you got out yo scooter and summoned the legendary sword Excalibar and sliced that nigga neck off and turned yoself in for murder nigga you went to jail for 17 seconds and got released, that nigga Donald Trump raped the Judges step-daughter 7 years ago at a boot-camp in england territory dumb ass nigga you hideous as shit nigga yo incest ass family yo mom dont got a OnlyFans she got a OnlyFamily nigga she got a group chat with her relatives and she sends 17 nude attachments to make them feel good dumb ass nigga you ugly as shit nigga

fall yo ass was like "I'm blue dabadi dabadi, can't pay them bills so I shall die" yo ass fell straight into a pile of iPhone 7 screen protectors dumb ass nigga you ugly as shit and yo ass aint got no hair line 

nigga mad as fuck cuz you got a hairline on yo armpit hairs you nasty bitch yo ass had to use yo internal keyboard to type yo highschool English Language Arts essay cuz yo ass had an orgasms on you keyboard when you seen a, picture of cardi-B's leaked titty pic after you clicked the link in yo best friends status on discord yo virgin ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout you weak ass bitch made ass kangaroo neck ass cmon now gladiator chainsaw neck ass clastrophobic necklace wearing ass nigga yo step dad got a ancient katana named "Storm-Cutter" that shit soul bounded to cutting nothing but gold-fish crackers nigga you got out yo bed at 3 in the morning, 

what nigga you looked outside ya window and saw that nigga slenderman giving yo mom back-shots under a oak-tree bitch ass nigga you went out there with a shotgun and blew that nigga head off nigga thought he was safe but nope nigga that nigga slenderman grew a 87 foot long cock out of his neck and started teasing yo nipple follicules dumb ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout you weak ass nigga you learned 3 sword style from Zoro except yo ass used that technique and created the, 3 pencil style cuz yo ass came to school 47 minutes late for yo math quiz dumb ass nigga yo teacher grabbed the back of yo neck and broke all 3 of yo pencils and threw them in a blender and told you to drink it nigga you got up and jumped out the window and landed on the roof you defy gravity nigga cuz ya mother is darth vador dumb ass nigga i don't wanna hear any of that shit you weak ass lesbian ass kangaroo boxer build ass nigga cmon now lady-bug crushin ass mosquitto suckin ass VC Duckin ass nigga yo ass was outside riding a Rib-Stick tryna accelerate yo speed by twisted yo spine back and forth nigga you broke yo rib-cage dumb ass nigga ya step-dad came out the house and cut open yo stomach and put a band-aid on yo rib-cage and left you dead on the street nigga you was internal bleeding out of yo every major organ in yo body dumb ass 
nigga you weak as shit that's why you lost a arm wrestling match to Jacob Sartorious's music instructor nigga you got mad and started stealing all the clothes off his body and putting legendary rare pokemon cards in his underwear to make up for it nigga all the parapalegic suicide bombers in afghanistan found yo IP Address and raided yo local strip-club little did you know yo grandmother strips there dumb ass nigga you hideous as shit nigga yo mother is a World War II leutenant sargent for the Soviet Union nigga she used to have the most fun in the war-zone she was out there actually jumping in the air sniping nigga doing 360 noscopes like it was black ops 3 multiplayer dumb ass nigga yo mother scary as shit nigga yo ass got a gaming mouse that isn't used for gaming you kept that shit as a pet cuz you thought it was a mouse nigga yo mom caught yo ass feeding yo mouse and kicked you out of yo room, 

That was ass nigga you made a clone of yourself using a easythread digital mini 3D printer boy just so you could use him to complete the easteregg on the Moon map on Black Ops 3 Zombies nigga you ugly as shit

That's why yo ass got LED Lights in yo Toshiba Microwave boy and yo ass be barbecuing jello in that shit with sprinkles on top boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass nigga that's why whenever you lose a match of brawlhalla you sneeze in one of yo amazon basics kids storage organizer bins boy you nasty as fuck

Yup nigga and that's why yo Acer Aspire 5 Slim Laptop shuts down whenever you get the hick-ups boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin to me

That's was ass boy that's why yo 65 inch crystal UHD series samsung Smart TV malfunctions whenever someone steps on yo balcony boy you dumb as fuck stop talkin nigga

Yo nasty ass was having a burping competition with the Queen of hearts from Alice in Wonderland and Queen Amidala from Star Wars tried to sexually seduce you cuz she wanted to make an amateur porno with you nigga you weird as fuck


Nigga yo dumbass tried to kill yoself because you found out the earth was in space nigga you stupid as fuck boy that's why you're best friends with a spat out piece of gum because you believed it was the real life version of Kirby nigga you stupid as shit


Nigga your mother is the worst cook in the world she made a lasagna spaghetti flavoured cake for Gordon Ramsey and he bitch slapped her with a dirty spatula boy you ugly as fuck


Nigga whenever you get into void vc's you fake having an echo by repeating yoself 3 times after you say something nigga your now known as the dungeon packer boy you ugly as fuck


Nigga you got banned from the LGBTQ hideout because you said said the colors of the rainbow were ugly nigga you stupid as fuck boy 


Nope nigga you was on Daily Dose Of Internet because a group of angry padestrians caught you beat boxing with watery kool-aid and cheeto crumbs in yo mouth boy you talented as fuck nigga

Nigga after you scammed Denis Daily yo sisters Super Mario Maker 2 map got deleted because his fans were mad at you boy fuck is you sayin


What are you talking about nigga that's why you use 83 cups of sugar everytime you make a gallon of Kool-Aid nigga and whenever you drink one gulp of that shit you instantly get cavities boy fuck is you talkin bout


Nigga that's why yo great grandmother was parkouring nigga she had a pogo stick and started hopping from chimney to chimney like she was santa nigga fuck is you sayin


Aye nigga the first time you rode a skateboard you started twisting yo spine back and forth thinking you was accelerating nigga you dumb as shit 


Nigga you overdosed from adrenaline rushes nigga fuck is you sayin 


Nope nigga that's why you play tennis with a baseball bat because you thought it gave you a plus 15 strength attribute nigga fuck is you talkin bout


 
Nope nigga that's why you opened OBS studio and yo mom walked in and shut down yo computer because there was a grain of rice in the Potato chips nigga you ugly as shit


That's why all yo subscribers unsubbed from yo youtube channel the first time you did a face-cam because you was ugly as shit


Syke nigga yo dumb ass traded yo Samsung Galaxy Note10 for a Pillow Pet because you always lonely at night nigga fuck is you talkin bout


Shut up nigga yo bus driver got sick of you smoking ciggaretes at the back of the school-bus so he recorded you with a Black and White Vintage Camera and got you expelled from school nigga you dumb as shit


Nigga you got the most expensive skin on fortnite because Epic Games felt bad for you after yo hairline got pushed back 8 inches by a drunk barber nigga you ugly as shit


Nigga yo record in 2k20 is 3-6587 because yo teammates always leave when they see yo intro animations nigga you ugly as shit boy fuck is yo ass talkin bout


Yup and that's why yo ass can't play sports no more because you got bit by a venus fly trap nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga you so poor that you piss on yo floor and don't even clean it up boy yo ass be slippin and slidin up and down that shit making a DIY water slide for when you get bored nigga fuck is wrong with you boy


That's why you got signed by the Golden State Warriors boy yo ass played yo first game, airballed a free throw in the second quarter after you got fouled by Kawhi Lenard and you instantly got kicked off the team boy


Nigga you hack niggas AC's to make them freeze to death when they sleep boy you a genius nigga


Shut up nigga when yo grandma died they put you 50 feet under so yo dead body wouldn't fuck up the plants and crops nigga 


You that one nigga that be spam clicking the like button when a tutorial video actually works nigga fuck is you saying


Shut up nigga you hide water bottles in yo pockets to make yo hip size expand nigga fuck is wrong with yo ahh


Shut up nigga you put on a defense boost on 2k18 just to get yo ankles crossed by a nigga named "JamesCharlesFan454" boy fuck is u sayin


Shut up nigga curious george edged you up with a shoe lace boy that nigga was wrapping that shit around yo head forming yo line up nigga fuck is wrong with yo ahh


Nigga you swing glow sticks in the night role playing as a Jedi from Star Wars boy


Nope nigga that's why you be pushing yo glasses down to yo nose like them library owneres when they get asked a serious question nigga


Shut up nigga yo stupid ass got a tattoo on yo iPhone 5 se screen saver nigga fuck is wrong with you boy


Nope nigga I met your mother in a Sword Art Online Floor 3 Boss Raid nigga that bitch one shotted the boss with a rusty dagger nigga 


You the only nigga I know that lick they credit card before sliding it in a payment terminal boy ya card got a fat ass crack in it nigga you be licking that bitch back together like a blunt boy you ugly as shit


Shut up nigga you wasted 8 years of yo life in a jungle tryna find Legendary pokemon nigga


Shut up nigga you just mad cuz yo Direct TV cable box isn't directly connected to yo TV boy


Shut up nigga you feel burps form in yo throat and piss yo pants boy fuck is you saying


Nigga yo ass barely tipped over a Book in a library and the shelf opened up and revealed a secret base nigga yo ass is the real Bat-Man boy fuck is wrong with you


Yo ass was the most hated fire bender because you'd always bring flame throwers to cheat in Fire Training classes boy


Nigga you're a time traveler that created a synthetic mind control drone that you planted inside of hitler like a pumpkin seed boy fuck is yo ass talkin bout


Nope nigga that's why yo ass is directly associated with Grandpa Pig from Peppa Pig boy you nasty as shit


That's why you got halograms of dead people in yo bathroom because you like to remember yo long lost relatives when you take shits nigga


Shut up nigga you used to kidnap people in bouncy houses boy


That's why you eat alphabet soup to remember your sentences boy


That's why Flight Reacts put a instant replay in his video because you got yo ankles broken on offense nigga you dumb ass shit 


Shut up nigga that's why yo mother is a Crack addict nigga she be having spiritual conversations with google translator nigga you dumb as shit

you teach canadian stick bugs to play block ops 2 to help you complete the easter egg in nuke town you are a cyber bullying kangaroo jamaican warrior with dislexic toe nails and cheetah cells you probably smoke pixel dust and fake being high fuck is wrong with you you dont even use dry off towels to dry yourself off you just turn yo heater on and call it a day you bout dumb as shit you dont even use lights in yo house you just grab magnifying glasses and angle them perfectly to the sun and aim it to whatever you tryna look at on god you dumb as shit you dont even use pillows to sleep at night you use picture frames with plastic bags over them as pillows you poor as shit fuck is wrong with you you probably went on national TV just to tell the world he stole his moms chicken wings 13 years ago from Windys and you probably dont even drink water you drink that new thick ass water that make yo throat feel like sand paper you bout stupid as shit and yo momma played the game oblivion and got bitch slapped the 3rd NPC she interracted with for being below level 3 my nigga you dumb as shit you eat lollipops like you eating hot dogs you gay ass nigga you put chargers in yo ass hole to regain energy my nigga you dumb as shit on god you are and yo momma built like an air freshiner you bout stupid as shit nigga made a DIY Ben 10 Watch and started lookin like Godzilla nigga started lookin like R2D2 from Star Wars nigga look like Death from The Seventh Seal lookin like The Balloon from The Red Balloon nigga lookin like the Shark from Jaws nigga lookin like the monster from Frankenstein nigga you ugly as shit and yo hairline built like a 4 year olds drawing you bout ugly as shit on god you are nigga playing red light green light with autistic lady bugs on god you do you be snorting weed like its crack you bout stupid as shit on god you do you walk with yo ankles and you hand stand with yo left nipple hairs and you so cross eyed that when you cry yo tears run upwards you ironic ass nigga you defy the laws of gravity harder than Darth Vador does you stupid as shit on god you are you smell like ostrich booty and you bleed Sunny D might drink you nohomo doe on god i aint with that gay shit on god im not 

That's why yo ass got picked to be the murderer in Mad Murderer on roblox and you didn't kill anyone because you a Christian nigga you dumb as shit


What are you talking about nigga that's why yo ass loaded into a 2k19 park, checked the player list, and left the park because you saw 5 Legends in the server nigga fuck is you sayin

That's why yo ass got roasted by Leafyishere and you turned into a reptilian overlord and you planned a secret plaetary attack on the human race and got defeated by god and got sent to hell for your sins nigga you evil as fuck


Nope nigga you got jumped by everyone in RDCworld1 and then they hired you and paid you 3$ every video so you could get beat up every video for views boy yo ass got suicidal thoughts everyday listening yo Billie Eilish and XXX Tentacion with one ear-bud in yo ear cuz the other side busted boy you ugly as fuck


Nigga you tried to do a piano duet with Animenz on youtube and you couldn't even play the first 3 notes of marry had a little lam and he slammed his piano on you and you died on impact nigga you ugly as fuck


Nigga you was playing agario and got double splitted by a nigga named "TimmyTwoThumbs" boy you ugly as fuck

Yeah nigga that's why yo phone died in chemistry class boy and you tried to charge it with a professional 5-pin USB MIDI cable and it made yo phone get frost bite boy you dumb as fuck

Yup nigga and that's why you bought a digital alarm clock with wooden electronic LED time display just so you could wake up in case you have a nightmare nigga you dumb as fuck boy

That's why you had to buy a Clear point Elite 0.7millimeter mechanical pencil starter kit because yo best friend stole yo Number 2 pencil during the EOC exams boy you stupid as fuck

That was ass nigga you got a Wilson NFL Super Grip Football just sitting in yo garage boy cuz yo great grandfather played on the Washington Redskins back in the old days boy you ugly as fuck

Nope nigga you got a blue summer sky scented premium yankee candle sitting on yo night stand boy because the smell helps you have lucid dreams nigga you weird as fuck 

That was ass nigga you got a 13 foot long lava lamp just sitting in the middle of yo room boy and yo ass be using that shit as a stripper pole nigga fuck is you talkin bout nigga

That was ass boy you got a Enno Vatti Movies Scratch off Poster stapled to yo ceiling in yo room boy and yo ass be looking up at that shit before you go to bed so you can be inspired to do big things in life dumb ass boy fuck is you sayin

Shut up nigga yo poor ass got a HD Full Screen Welmax galaxy Note 9 screen protector on yo iPhone 4 se boy and whenever you try and play a mobile game yo fingers get cuts and scratches on it boy you dumb as fuck

Nigga you cat fish padestrians on poptropica boy 


That's why yo dumbass banned from the spice section in the grocery store cuz yo ass be snorting all the peppers to achieve euphoric feelings nigga


You lost a championship arm wrestling match to a fat mexican and he ate 3 tacos after the battle to regain his strength nigga


Nigga yo minecraft character is so strong that nigga be mining entire trees in one swing boy


That's why you perform break dances at family reunions nigga you nasty as shit


Nigg you was playing hide and go seek with yo imaginary friends and yo mother seen yo ass hiding and called you mentally insane nigga you weird as shit


That's why yo ass be perfectly timing fire crackers to go off at 6:30 to wake you up because you can't afford an alarm clock nigga


Nigga you use legendary swords to cut steak at fancy resturaunts nigga


Nigga yo little autistic ass be surf boarding in yo bath tub boy yo ass poor as shit nigga


You that one nigga that's too funny to go past the 5 feet section in yo local swimming pool nigga you scarry as shit

The only reason you dig in yo nose is because you actually believe that gold is in there boy


Boy you wasted 3 hours of your life trying to convince the Bubble Guppies that you attend their school boy


That's why you take showers with the water that falls off of houses after it stops raining you bum ass nigga


Yeah that's why you heat up yo food with your mothers car engine boy


That's why you went into a street fight hitting niggas with wet rags twisting and winding them bitches back like shit boy


Nigga the only reason you sky dive off of skyscrapers is for the adrenaline rush boy you don't even use parachutes the adrenaline rush make yo ass take 0 fall damage boy

Nigga yo ass got yo ass beat by that nigga daddy long neck from instagram nigga you weak as shit boy


That' why yo ass get stage fright whenever you present school projects to the rest of the class nigga you anti-social as shit nigga


thats why a wood pecker plicked all the hair off yo head left yo ass going to school bald as shit boy

Nope nigga you got colorful high quality assorted balloons just floating in yo shower boy because the gravity in yo bathroom is reversed nigga you dumb as fuck

No boy yo ass got a K11 Foldable stereo tangle-free headset just sitting in yo laundry room because you don't like hearing the clothes wrestle eachother in the dryer nigga you weird as fuck

Nope nigga you got 17 stacks of multipurpose printer paper sitting on top of yo TV just so you can make feedbacks of every tv show you watch boy you dumb as fuck

Nope you carry a Lasko Portable Electric 42 inch Tower Fan in yo left pocket just in case yo kidneys collaps from heat failure nigga you dumb as fuck

That was ass boy you got a leather padded adjustable office chair in yo bath tub just incase yo knee caps get tired when you take a shower boy you weak as fuck nigga

You tried to fuck a old navy mannequine and broke yo dick in half and tried to fuck two e-girls at the same time and got STD's in yo cab muscles boy what are u sayin boy

Uhuh nigga that's why ya mom got charmin ultra soft booty cheeks boy whenever i smack her ass it dont even make clap noizez nigga it just exfoliates nigga you dumb as shit


That's why yo dumb ass father cut yo mattress in half and turned it into a bunk bed for yo step couzins nigga and then yo cousins beat yo ass cuz you failed Chimestry class with a 37% 


Uhuh nigga ya mother is a level 10 warrior nigga and she trains zobies to clip her toe nails with safety sizzors boy you ugly as fuck


Thats why yo family host annual hot potato matches with highly explosive C4s and it landed on you and you died with yo left eye ball hangin out yo right knee kap and yo hairline tranzfused to yo eyelazhes nigga you ugly az fuck


What nigga you put orange juice in yo convertible sports car cuz you couldn't afford gas you broke bitch and yo parents work for a crayola crayon and sea food company nigga you dumb as shit


That's why yo girl friend was in the lofi hip hop radio live stream simping to anime weebz for robux nigga you dumb as shit


Mhm nigga i caught you in a boogie with da hooidie's Drowning music video playing the acoustic piano with yo pinkie toe tied to yo elbows nigga you dumb as shit


Nigga you challenged Kirito from sword art online to a sword fight battle and he slit your neck open and your nasty ass mother sucked all the blood out yo body like a fuckin vampire nigga you ugly as shit


You put bear traps in the shower in jail just in case you drop the soap so Big Dick Jamal don't try yo sexuality nigga you ugly as shit


You went inside the Transporter in Henry Danger because yo knee caps got stolen by Dr. EggMan my nigga you dumb as shit


Uhuh nigga you used to binge watch robot chicken at 1 in the morning waiting for yo bed sheets to dry because you still piss on yoself my nigga you weird as shit


Nigga ya shadow don't even fuck with you cuz it has to grow whenever yo fat ass decide to eat 5 big macs in 3 seconds nigga you fat as shit

That's why you bashed yo teeth out with a hammer and tried to sell yo teeth to the tooth fairy and she scammed you nigga


You get frostbites when you wake up cuz you sleep naked with yo fan on full power nigga 


You sneak into people houses just to steal they crayola crayons just to duo draw a rainbow with ya nephew nigga


You the best barber in the world boa you slap niggas necks before you give them gecko haircuts nigga


You a real life fortnite chararcter nigga when someone kills you everything you own just gon float above yo body and niggas gon come pick it up nigga


Yo mother grounded you because you put yo bed sheets around yo 50 inch 4K Roku TV nigga

Nigga you walked into a chinese resturant and the cashier politely asked you to change yo skin color boy

Ass nigga DenisDaily sent you a friend request on roblox and then he blocked you because you kept following him in his adopt me servers nigga you dumb as fuck

Yo dumb ass knew you had photosinsitive epilepsy so you flickered a flash light at yo left eye ball and you had a seizure on top of the key at a basketball court nigga they picked you up and threw you to the grass to continue they game cuz they didn't give a fuck about you nigga

Nigga you ran an olympic race and tripped over a nacho cheese doritos bag and split yo scalp open and yo brains splattered far enough to reach the finish line and you won the race nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga yo principal got emotional during a speach for all the freshmans boy, and he started loud micing the audience to get his point accross nigga 3/4th of the audience walked out that bitch with hearing loss and ear barotrauma symptoms boy you dumb as fuck

Nigga you was in a star wars roleplay game on roblox boy, and an administrator banned you because you was roleplaying as Darth Vadar with a Jedi outft on nigga you dumb as fuck

That was ass nigga ya father raised you in an arabian desert boy you made a living by training camals how to moon-walk nigga you stupid as fuck

Nigga ya mom was known back in 2018 because she was the best stripper in VRChat boy she used to give discounts for her lapdances to whoever had the most expensive VR headset nigga you stupid as fuck 

Nigga that's why yo grandma gave you a life lesson on alcohol abuse boy, because she caught you having a hangover inside of a bouncy house nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you tried to recreate the meatloaf from Johnny Test for a youtube video and got 674 dislikes because you made them watch all 2 hours of the cooking process nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you met H2ODelirious in a GTA 5 Online server and he gave you a free farrari because he felt bad that you died to a padestrian nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you was number 1 on the leaderboard in a agario server and got tricksplit by the TYT clan nigga you stupid as shit

No nigga you ran away from home yesterday evening and got chased around yo neighborhood by an armadillo boy you stupid as fuck

That was ass nigga ya great great grandfather starred as the main antagonist in the Michael myers movie in 1981 boy you dumb as fuck

Nigga you was cutting yo toe nails and you was on the last toe and yo clippers broke cuz yo toe nails got level 10 strength nigga


Uhuh nigga that's why you got pulled over by the police because the smell of cannabis was coming off yo tires nigga

Yo dumb ass got a gun for the first time and starting holdin that shit like you was death the kid from soul eater nigga be pulling the trigger with his pinkie finger boy you ugly as fuck

Leafy is here made a reaction video to you doing the ice bucket challenge and he called you a weirdo and when you seen the video you suffocated yoself with syrup nigga you dumb as fuck

Wanna know how to father died? That dumb ass nigga was an astronaunt and he forgot to put his space helmet on before stepping on the moon and he suffocated from a lack of oxygen nigga ya father dumb as fuck

Yo dumb ass shot up yo highschool because the lunch lady didn't put pepporoni's on yo pizza nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga yo dumb ass use a jumpshot when you  bowling nigga you stupid as fuck boy 

Nigga you put make-up on yo dick to make yo shit look like it got veins on it boy you ugly as fuck

Shut up nigga you got bullied in highschool boy, so you joined Dr. EggMan to try and eradicate the entire planet and then yo stupid ass got defeated by Ben 10, dumb ass boy

Uhuh and you was in canada and found a zimbabwe zebra dick.. with ketchup on it... and salt.. dumb ass boy and you licked it off because you got horny from it nigga you weird as fuck

That's why broly from dragon ball z hit you with an eraser cannon and called you trash... dumb ass nigga and then saitama hit you with a serious punch and yo front tooth came out and it cracked open as soon as it touched the ground dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

Uhuh and yo ugly ass smell like gorilla elbow juice... with mustard on it.. dumb ass boy and you went fishing in the Ishikari River in Japan and got assassinated by a nigga in a Orochimaru costume my nigga you dumb as fuck

You the first person in the world to kick down window shields in the suburbs on range rovers dumb ass boy you tilted yo head up down and then to the left and you entered 3rd person mode in real life dumb ass boy you solved a rubiks cube by flipping it upside down dumb ass boy you ugly as shit

Nigga Roman muted you in VC3 because you was e-sleeping with Loofy dumb ass boy and then Kevin Hart DM'ed you in afghanistan with a screwdriver in his ear asking if you wanted a coupon to McDonalds for a free Mc Flurry dumb ass boy you dumb as fuck nigga

Ass boy ya great great gandfather lives In Japan and he made a living by selling hair follicules to horny mexican school bus drivers on the dark web dumb ass nigga that's why you tried to sexually seduce iCarly before she was famous on top of the london bridge with a peeled banana in yo pocket dumb ass boy you stupid as fuck

Shut up nigga you and iron man made a duet piano song using a Nektar Midi Controller dumb ass boy and then spider man spit out all of his webs on yo momma bellybutton and put a fork in it and them took a bite and throw up on her toenails dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass boy that's why yo computer shuts down every night at 3 AM because the cats and the roaches be biting yo ethernet cords dumb ass boy and you got african kick boxers training yo step cousin how to ice-skate using a choo-choo train set in zimbabwe dumb ass boy

Nigga that's why you can't even clip yo toenails by yoself yo mom gotta cut yo shit with safety scissors and shape them up with obsidian abstract dumb ass nigga ya mother got 13 different kids from 8 different niggas dumb ass boy you stupid as fuck

Shut yo retarded ass up nigga you commit suicide by putting a picture frame around yo neck and hanging that bitch to a ceiling fan using an extendo clip to an AK-47 and an already used parachute my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

What boy you were born and raised in the ghetto nigga you gotta get a pot and take that bitch to yo bathroom and fill it up with water and take it back to the kitchen just to have some water to use when you wash the dishes you broke ass nigga fuck is yo dumb ass talkin bout boy you stupid as fuck

Nope nigga yo mother was on Channel 11 getting chased down by the Swat team because she was kidnapping kids by tracking they IP's through Poptropica servers bitch ass nigga you was surf boarding in yo bathroom and you wasnt even surfing in yo bath tub nigga you was surfing in yo sink dumb ass nigga

Nigga you went to sponge bob square pants house and that nigga tought you how to make a crabby patty without buns on but instead he used yo ass cheeks cuz you was gay asf and you wanted meat inside yo ass crack gay ass nigga

Stop talkin nigga Thanos and the Terminator teamed up and still couldn't beat you in a juggling competition and then they turned around and drop kicked yo knee caps cuz mustard fell fell on they eye-lashes because yo disabled ass momma tried to squirt mustard on her hot-dog and missed dumb ass nigga 

No boy that's why yo step sister gave birth to a Venus Fly Trap and she passed away instantly because the plant absorbed all of her fluid juices dumb ass boy that's why yo pet cat commited suicide by eating approximately 3.47 pounds of yo edibles that you left sitting on yo dorito bag dumb ass nigga 

Nigga you was on round 84 in a black ops 3 zombies match and you hit the box and a crawler came behind you and flicked yo left ankle and yo character fell to the ground and all you saw was the "wasted" text from GTA 5 dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

Shut up nigga Dr. Strange ran a train on your mother with all the S tier pokemon from Pokemon X and Y and when he got done he gave her a logitech keyboard to write a 10 page report of the experience on Google Documents dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

That's why you wasted 3 hours of yo life trynna learn egyptian hieroglyphics using google translator dumb ass nigga and when you found out it wasn't possible you shot up a coffe shop with a nail gun dumb ass boy you stupid as fuck

That's why you had a friend for 3 years on roblox that was a girl and when you asked her out on adopt me she reset and disconnected from the game dumb ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout that's why yo grandma is addicted to masturbating to sea weed water while she sips coffe with syrup in it nasty ass nigga

Shut up boy yo favorite beverage in the morning is irradicated chimpanzee elbow grease with pickle juice poured in it you nasty ass nigga that's why yo granddads only hobby is to beat world records on cool-math dumb ass nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga you went to the 5 guys restauraunt and got raped by 5 guys in tellitubby costumes with jigsaw pizzles stapled on they jawlines 

Nigga you commited suicide because you lost an arm wrestling match to an executive chef bitch ass nigga and you was so embarrassed that you looked up left down left left right them jumped up and down and activated a cheat code that made you invisible

Nigga all the legendary pokemon gang banged yo momma cuz she had a Ultra poke-ball boy and when they found out she wasn't a pokemon trainer they evolved

Nigga your mother was inside of a bouncy house boy, and she got 360 noskoped by a water balloon because she was in the vicinity of an ultimate water fight

Nigga what your mom was selling spaghetti flavoured meatballs in the walmart parking-lot and thought she was a genius


Nigga a venus fly trap bit yo ankle and a grape grew on yo nose approximately 3 seconds afterwards nigga you don't even use a jumpshot when you play basketball nigga all you do is throw that shit to the hoop like you throwing a fast ball 

Nigga ya dumb ass grandma stole a bisycle out of walmart just to go to the pay-out line boy because she couldn't afford 25 cents to use the electronic shopping carts nigga ur grandma broke as fuck she need a job at dairy queen boy go fill out her application for her cuz she handicapped nigga 

Nigga ya old ass grandma tripped over a trip wire and her stank ass dentures fell out her yuck ass mouth boy and she dialed 911 and all she saw was dora the explora just searching the area with a magnifying glass tryna spot them bitches dumb ass boy 

Nigga your great grandfather literally worked a nightshift job at freddy frazbear's pizzeria scared for his life boy because whenever he looked inside of the security cameras all he saw was 7 animetronics having an orgy on top of a birthday cake nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you literally have a rare disorder that makes you type faster whenever you're losing a TypeRacer match boy and whenever you get back in the lead your fingers just freeze because you surpassed your fingers physical joint limitations dumb ass boy what are you talking about

Nigga you lost your siblings to a game of freeze tag because when you tagged them you forgot to tell them to move again boy and they just stood there for 7 days straight and starved to death nigga ya family dumb as fuck boy what are you talking about

That was ass nigga your family literally hosts an anual game of connect 4 with a special rule that the first one to put a colored disc inside of the board wins nigga ya family dumb as fuck

What nigga you literally have a strange condition where yo nut sacks shribble up like dried up raisins whenever you eat a soggy french fry from McDonalds

Nigga you literally have a signiature move in competitive pac-man tournaments boy and all you do is move your joy stick up and down 4 times and your pac-man just turns into a Pac-woman boy you dumb as fuck stop talking to me

No boy you literally have a special ability to control the temperature of tap water just by making contact with yo uvula nigga you're weird as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you got hired to work with the teen titans just because you had the ultimate ability to not shed tears when you cut onions nigga and they use you to make special meals nigga your retarded as shit

Nigga what you literally grew an instant boner when you was walking around in an abandoned jungle because yo horny ass thought the branches on the trees looked like 

Horrible nigga that's why you and ya long lost puppy finally reunited with eachother for the first time in 6 years because you sold yo soul to the slender man dumb ass boy what are you talking about nigga 

Nigga huh you just mad because the niggas that constructed your house were idiots boy and they built a stair case in yo kitchen that went all the way through yo roof and into the clouds my nigga you dumb as shit you just mad cuz you aint got the stamina to climb that shit boy

What boy you literally don't even drink Lemon-aid anymore because you deadass thought it was gonna give you lemon flavoured aids nigga you're actually dumb as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you literally have a modded version of GTA 5 and whenever you get into arguments with citizens boy ya character just start using shadow clone jutsu without using any hand signs boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga your family got mad and disowned you because you instantly win Monopoly matches because your negotiating skills are just too great boy what are you talking about 

You literally got hired by NASA because you had a special disease that allowed you to breath in space boy and 2 years later you took a DNA test and when you looked at the feedback all you seen was you being 45.89% alien nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you literally co-own ya grandfathers fungus research group nigga and all you do is go in abandoned forests and bite on tree trunk dust boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin nigga

Your mom literally had a panic attack when she went to France because she thought bonjour was a secret terrorist code nigga ya mom dumb as fuck get her out of there boy

What boy for a whole 8 years of yo life boy you thought pine cones were called porcupines dumb ass boy what are you talkin about nigga your favorite animetronic in Five Nights At Freddy's is the purple guy because you thought he had the same mindset as you dumb ass nigga shut up boy

Nigga you literally co-own ya grandfathers fungus research group nigga and all you do is go in abandoned forests and bite on tree trunk dust boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin nigga

Your mom literally had a panic attack when she went to France because she thought bonjour was a secret terrorist code nigga ya mom dumb as fuck get her out of there boy

What boy for a whole 8 years of yo life boy you thought pine cones were called porcupines dumb ass boy what are you talkin about nigga your favorite animetronic in Five Nights At Freddy's is the purple guy because you thought he had the same mindset as you dumb ass nigga shut up boy

Nigga Drake literally hired you as the editor in his Hotline Bling music video boy because he thought your edits on VanossGamings deathrun videos were exquisit nigga fuck up talking to me you're retarded nigga

Nigga your fat ass grandma literally made a wish to the holy grail from fate/zero boy and her one and only wish was to summon a forbidden floppy sea spider nigga and when she seen that shit her heart rate jumped to 0 and she died boy you're ugly as shit stop talking to me

Nigga that's why yo laptops internal webcam drivers are corrupted and have viruses in them nigga and whenever you turn on yo camera in discord calls all you see is a McDonalds McGriddle wrapper with staples in it nigga you ugly as fuck

That was terrible nigga ya rich ass parents have a robot that automatically ties your shoes and that shit malfunctioned and went inside yo foot and tied yo bones together dumb ass nigga

Terrible boy yo dumb ass spent 300$ for a tattoo of an internet symbol on yo forehead and cursed that tattoo with a magic curse and you thought you was gon have cellular data on yo forehead like shit boy you dumb as fuck

That was ass nigga you literally went to McDonalds just to steal all the ketchup packets from behind the counter because ya mom got a strange addiction to the scent of ketch-up nigga ya mom weird as fuck stop talkin to me boy

That was ass boy you broke your mouse to your keyboard so you went into an abandoned forest and found a mice and took it home and killed it and froze it in a freezer and used it as a mouse to your PC and it had 800 DPI nigga you weird as fuck stop talking to me nigga

That was terrible my nigga your mom is the most known Los Vegas drug dealer in the city because she laces her weed with sea salt my nigga you dumb as fuck 

Terrible nigga your father was notorious back in 2004 because he was in the Guinesse world record for having the strongest pinkie finger my nigga he strong as shit

Now I'm finna bake yo ass boy you came out the womb with pure white hair boy because your mom dated a nigga with a strange adiction to mayonasse and he used to put that shit in her coochie and leave it in there for 3 days while she was pregnant with you nasty ass boy you stupid as shit

Terrible nigga you literally wrote a 10 paragraph essay to a tech support scammer just so he wouldn't expose your information to a doxxing website boy you ugly as fuck 

Ass boy you literally have the worlds slowest internet nigga you tried to download GTA 5 overnight and you slept for 9 hours and when you woke up the download progress was only 0.2% completed nigga i dont wanna hear any of that shit

What boy your mom is an olympic dare devil boy she unbuckled her seat belt on a roller coaster and did a cart wheel onto the tracks and tripped and fell right next to a concession stand and the first thing she did when she got up was order a bun-less hotdog boy ya mom dumb as fuck boy stop talking to me

Nigga your mom is an invasive cardiologist boy and when she was working on her patient she spit on his heart and stitched his chest back together and he woke up with a saliva fetish dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass your mom is notorious in south sudan for voice acting Perry the Platypus from Phineas and Ferb boy you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you got a bar code on the back of yo neck you dumb ass nigga and the cashiers in walmart be scanning that shit and charging 25$ for them to slap the back of yo neck like shit boy

Boy you probably spinning on yo head right now on yo carpet while juggling 3 cheeto crumbs on yo finger tips like shit boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga you was hitting the duggy for 10 minutes and you legs dont even hurt yet... you're immortal nigga 

Nigga you seen your mom for the first time in two months and all you did was show her a video of an empty cereal box for 5 minutes and she looked at you and smiled dumb ass boy 

You just mad because you sleep with your friend on a air mattress in his laundry room you fat ass boy stop talking to me nigga

Nigga you and your two best friends used your moms underwear as sling shot to shoot crab apples at Shaquille O'Neals Truck nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga your mom told you to purposely get your shoe sucked into an elevator so you could sue the mall boy ya mom deevious as shit boy 

What boy ya foreskin strong as shit boy you survived world war 2 back in 1987 by stretching yo foreskin around yo entire body cuz it was bullet proof dumb ass boy you dumb as fuck

Mhm your sister is known in East Alaska because she ended the Cold War with a hot air blow dryer she just turned that bitch on and aimed it at every soldier and they just turned civilized nigga you weird as fuck

Nigga you just mad cuz yo mother gave birth to you in a haunted house in six flags boy and she got scared and screamed so loud that you sling shotted out her coochie like shit fat ass boy

Nigga you got an erection inside of the hyperbolic time chamber and yo meat evolved into a screw driver and you cried and yo tears went through yo body like a bullet because the gravity was too strong dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad because yo retarded ass grandma put yo sharingan eye contacts in the toaster because she thought it was gon improve the quality of the lenses dumb ass nigga

Nigga your mom literally went to the zoo just to see what armadillo dick smelled like ya mom weird as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you just mad because yo weird ass father is the only nigga in the world to have an addiction to tricking underaged girls to lick his birth mark dumb ass nigga your father is a rapist nigga you dumb as fuck

Mhm your best friend Jacob stapled a ceiling fan on his neck so he wouldn't sweat during gaming that fat ass jaw breaker body built ass nigga is yo friend and your identical to him you ugly dumb ass nigga

You just mad cuz yo momma got tag teamed by Fanboy and Chumchum in a WWE championships match and they used the famous Double crucifix powerbomb combo on yo grandma in the audience dumb ass boy

Nigga you just mad because you had to put a gucci belt around yo socks because yo feet was small asf and couldn't fit the sock... small foot ass boy

That was horrible nigga you you can't even jump rope properly because you have no hand-eye coordination nigga you dumb as fuck

Terrible nigga you hired Ash ketchum to make Pikachu use thunder bolt on yo knee caps to make you run faster dumb ass boy you ugly as shit 

Nigga ya retarded ass grandma used a needle and yarn to try and make you a MCM Back pack out of Beluga whale skin dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

Mhm was that before or after your grandma went trick or treating and she got tricked... dumb ass boy what are you talking about nigga

Nigga you literally have LED lights around yo mirror in yo room and you use that shit as a Ring Light whenever you record videos for youtube you bum ass broke ass poor ass bitch 

Nigga you're a competitive bop-it player whenever the bop-it says "I'm going to sleep!" you get depressed and you start listening to 1980's hip hop radio beats  dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad cuz Ed Edd and Eddy jumped yo grandma at Wal-Mart on black friday because she was tryna steal they cucumber ball dumb ass boy 

That was terrible nigga you just mad because you have a crush on Widget from Wow Wow Wubbzy weird ass nigga whenever you see her on TV you kiss yo screen.. stank ass nigga

You just mad because yo grandma woke up from a coma thinking she was NBA Younger Boy dumb ass bo ya grandma stupid as fuck 

Nigga ya mom got dissociative personality disorder boy and whenever she gets in her feelings she just starting dancing on top of the fridgerator thinking she a stripper dumb ass boy

What nigga yo freak ass grandma wrote a love note to the cookie monster because she thought he could eat pussy dumb ass boy you and ya grandma dumb as fuck

You just mad because whenever ya mom drive you to school she be bopping her head to the Magic Schoolbus sound-track ugly ass nigga fuck wrong with you

Nigga your mom is a supernatural deep dungeon miner my nigga she can find cobblestone and ancient artifacts at ease boy you dumb as shit

Nigga you got creamated with an ancient necklace worn by Lady Ezdeath in a ritual that the tellitubies casted on you because they didn't like the size of your adams apple dumb ass nigga what are you talking about

Nigga your mom tilted her head to the right by 4 inches and dodged a Barrett M82 Sniper shot and she just walked away with piss running down her pants because she really didn't mean to do that shit boy you dumb as fuck

Your mom is an undiscovered species of spit you ugly ass boy that's why whenever she wash dishes her hand starts dissolving into the water like shit stop talking to me nigga

Whenever you vaccuum yo floor you get turned on because the only thing you can thing of is that the vaccuum cleaner is sucking up the floor you weird ass nigga stop talking to me

The only reason you where jackets is because you got eyes popping out yo arm because you're secretly Danzo from Naruto Shippuden my nigga you dumb as shit

You best friend had sex with hillary clinton when she was 19 years old and he was 14 and he posted it on his instagram account which hillary clintons mother followed and she got in trouble my nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad cuz whenever you want to go to your neighborhood basketball court you get bullied by everyone there because you always wear high heels when you play my nigga you gay as shit

Nigga your great great grandmother is an assistant manager in Chucky Cheese just because she wanted to steal the fabric used to make the chucky cheese costume she weird as fuck

Your grandpa is a sexually deprived middle aged sex slave that wandered out of Zimbabwe with a fresh hair cut because he got edged up by a wood pecker using it's beek dumb ass nigga stop talking to me 

Nigga your mom is the best garbage truck driver in the USA because shes used to smelling like shit all day because she lives under the london bridge in a oversized sewage pipe my nigga you dumb as shit

Your next door neighbor is a pedophile he snuck into your house yesterday and raped your mom and the very next morning he gave you a sinister smirk like shit stop talking to me

Nigga you checked your clock and it went from 9 am to 6 am because you're secretly the main character of re:zero my nigga you dumb as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga your grandma is evil he used to beat up ichigo because he got his powers dumb ass nigga and that's why yo teeth shaped like dinner plates my nigga you dumb as fuck

Stop talking to me nigga your father got plastic surgery on his bellybutton because he was insecure about his outie my nigga he ugly as shit 

Nigga your mother is a national profesional dare devil my nigga she jumped off of the london bridge with a baby in her hands and landed unharmed my nigga she weird as shit

Nigga ya step sister is a professional prostitute my nigga she maked niggas toes curl up just by touching they chakra points my nigga stop talking to me

Nigga you lost your older brother to a food fight in middle school because he said the lunch ladies spatula was dirty my nigga you dumb as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga your brother is a professional photographer my nigga he gets on his knees tilts his head to the right moves his ankle 3 inches left and the pictures comes out in 10-80p my nigga you dumb as shit

You used OBS studio just to screen-record yourself beating the roblox tower of hell obby and you failed on a lava jump trash ass nigga

Nigga ya mom put a clothe hangers around her her neck and hanged it in the closet as a weird way to commit suicide dumb ass nigga

Fuck no nigga yo mom got boxed up by 2-chains in the white house when she tried to apply to be the president of the US and donald trumps daughter threw a mouse trap at her and she died fuck is wrong with you nigga

Yo mom got crossed up by a sidestep on a MCM basketball court and she landed on a moldy subway sandwhich from amsterdams bathroom stall bitch ass nigga fuck is wrong with you

Yo mother has a strange adiction to doing her make-up with crayola crayons my nigga she walk out the bathroom lookin like wrinkles the clown ugly ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout

Yo mom taught you a secret technique passed down through generations and it was to run fortnite at 300 FPS by plugging yo ethernet cord straight inside of an electrical outlet dumb ass nigga fuck is u talkin bout

Yo older sister has a lemonade stand in her house and her only customers is her two kids Johnny and Steven and they both yo cousins ugly ass bitch fuck is you sayin

Nigga you the only nigga in the world that has the ability to use chop-sticks to drink soup my nigga fuck is you talkin about you perfectly balance the liquid on top of the chop stick and when you fail ya grandma smacks you on the back of yo neck with a spongebob action figure my nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad because yo barber was high one day and lined you up with a iPhone 5 screen protector stop talkin to me nigga fuck is wrong with you

Nigga yo cousin got reincarnated by a forbiden jutsu from Naruto and when she got reincarnated she had the sharingan on her toenails dumb ass boy she got deformed while being reincarnated how the fuck you do that shit ugly ass boy

Nigga you tongue kiss yo grandma belly button every night at 3:38 pm just so she can teach you how to be a professional bop-it player dumb ass boy stop talking to me nigga

You just mad cuz yo local dentist accidentally used a weed eater to trim to teeth nigga and you walked out that bitch lookin like Jeff The Killer you ugly bitch stop talking to me nigga

Fuck up nigga you sucker punched yo grandma because she didn't give you an extra jolly rancher after you cleaned her arm-pits for her dumb ass nigga stop talkin to me bitch

Nigga yo ex girl friend broke up with you because yo birth mark was on yo dick tip nigga she thought you was deformed you fuck face ass bitch stop talking to me

Fuck up nigga you wasted 2 years of your life mastering the art of scuba diving just to see the bakini bottom dumb ass nigga stop talking to me you stupid as fuck

What boy you just mad because you live in a world where twisting right on a bottle actually loosens it my nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga yo mom went on a mission to deep throat all 44 of the U.S.  presidents by using Susan and Mary tests time machine from Johnny Test dumb ass boy fuck is you sayin

Nigga yo dyke ass mom got plastic surgery to change her face into a ant eater so she could eat pussy better ugly ass bitch stop talking to me weird ass boy fuck is wrong with you

nigga yo mom is the fastest typer in the world boy she types with her hands upside down typing with her knuckles my nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga your mother is the best cook in the world she can turn dirt and rusty iron into a top tier resturaunt lasagna my nigga she weird as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga yo grandma is the worst picture taker in the world because her vision is terrible she was 2 inches away from a person and tried to take a picture of them and she accidentally took a picture of the sun, stupid ass boy fuck is u talking about

My nigga yo brother is the best dish washer in the world my nigga she washes dishes with her tongue she nasty as fuck

Nigga you the only nigga I know that can take shits and they internal organs come out my nigga now that's what I call a shitty condition stupid ass boy

Nigga you use shoe box paper as tissue when u wipe yo ass because you like the friction, weird ass nigga what are you talking about you just mad cuz yo bathroom sink malfunctions and turns into a black hole whenever you turn the fossit on, dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga yo ass was milly rocking in a new york city half price refridgerator because yo dick was musty and you thought the fridge would freeze the smell in place stupid ass boy

That's why yo momma got a slushy blender that actually turns slushies back into fruit boy that shit makes fruit go back in time nigga you ugly as shit

What boy me and my mom was in the supermarket shopping for chips on isle 7 boy and all we seen was you and ya grandma stealing 47 bags of cool ranch doritos boy fuck is wrong with you

What boy your grandma got hearing aids and works at a fast food resturaunt boy i asked for a Double quarter pounder cheese burger and she just gave me a blueberry flavoured slushie boy that shit was terrible 

What boy you just mad cuz yo stupid ass father got caught selling coke to 7 year olds at a get-together boy

What boy you got a dual wield mouse and keyboard just so you be a pro gamer boy you is terrible nigga

Nigga what ya mom got a 800,000 dollar carpet in her bathroom that absorbs dust particles my nigga and everytime you step on that shit you become jesus for 8 seconds ugly ass nigga fuck is wrong with you

What boy yo grandparents used to have hardcore BDSM anal sex in the trunk of they 1957 Volkwagen boy you is nasty as shit nigga

Shut up nigga you wasted 7 years of your life trying to master the ancient technique to dry your hands off with one piece of toilet paper my nigga you stupid as shit

Shut up nigga you just mad cuz yo fat ass got slapped upside yo head by yo mom and yo double chin transfused to yo neck you ugly bitch stop talking to me boy

Shut the fuck up nigga you kidnapped a 14 year old boy in Massachusettes boy just to steal his 745 Gigabytes of downloaded Teen TItans Go porn off of his wooden macintosh laptop from 1999 dumb ass nigga my nigga you hideous as shit

What boy your mom has dual wield TV remotes just so she can switch channels quickly when you come in her room unexpectedly boy you ugly as shit 

Nigga you wasted 300 dollars just to buy a fake MCM screwdriver off of amazon boy you was so mad when you opened the package and all you saw was bubble wrap and nothing else boy you ugly as shit

Nigga your mom has a MCM back-bone strapped gucci bra that make her titties turn into flint-stone nigga you ugly as shit 

Nigga your step dad was trapped inside of the lost and found storage in yo middle school P.Ee. class because he was tryna steal all the lost Physical education wardrobes nigga yo dad poor as fuck

Shut up nigga yo knee caps dont even bend forward they bend backwards because you have a severe case of type 2 Genu recurvatum
because yo grandma was getting gang banged when you was in her womb and the dick tips was hitting yo chakra points ugly ass boy

that was uncontrollably terrible my nigga you snuck into the pokemon universe just to get a sample of charizards tail flames boy, you ugly like fuck and when you got back to the lab that bitch exploded with a 47 mile radius my nigga and caused a global warming bitch ass nigga im on yo ass boy

Nigga you quit playing on yo toshiba laptop computer my nigga boy  because you bumped yo head on concrete and lost all yo muscle memory of every key on yo keyboard my nigga you stupid as fuck

Naw that shit was terrible you got sexually frustrated while playing Clicker Heroes boy because yo thumb went numb dumb ass nigga what are you talking about

What boy you filed a law suit against amazon because they sold you a Flatscreen TV with the power button in the middle of the screen my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

What boy yo mom fell asleep during her Americas got talent piano performance my nigga boy and she forgot the song she was gonna play and hit sustain and played the D3 key and accidentally started playing the Yu-Gi-Oh opening theme song my nigga you ugly as fuck

Shut the fuck up my nigga you got banned from a updated Wizard 101 server cuz you tried to inject Cheat Engine bitch ass nigga and as soon as you 

What boy ya grandma got assassinated by George Washington the 73rd cuz he caught her masturbating with a plastic fork that she used to eat creamy chicken ramen noodles my nigga she nasty as fuck stop talking to me

What boy? I looked in my peripheral vision and all I seem was ya grandma shakin ass to PrettyBoyFredo's OPP Pack Music Video my nigga you ugly like fuck stop talking to me

What boy? You was the impostor on among us and killed someone in front of a group of people and convinced them that it was just a suicide my nigga you genius as shit 

Nigga you made a A+ on yo Egyptian Hieroglyphics quizzlet test and yo teacher gave you a Magnesium atom as a reward bitch ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout

What boy yo knee caps smell like caucasion seaweed dick sauce with spinach and ketchup on that shit mixed with expired milk and black pepper ugly ass boy im finna cook the shit out yo ugly ass that's why yo back boneS is connected to yo front tooth because yo family sealed the 9 tailed fox chakra inside of yo elbows and it reconstructed yo exo-skeleton bitch ass nigga finna cook the shit out of you boy

What boy you got mad because you was tryna learn how to cook mac and cheese and you searched "How to make mac and cheese" on youtube and found a HowToBasic video and watched 3 minutes of it and ya house caught on fire because he told you to throw eggs at yo microwave and yo oven bitch ass stupid ass nigga fuck is wrong with you

What boy yo grandma made alligator flavored pop-sicles by fusing them bitches with dry cactus DNA ugly ass nigga fuck is wrong with yo ass boy 

Nah nigga that shit was actually terrible my nigga I was on tour with my niggas 3 months ago and caught yo ass moon walking on the calabasas tryna recreate blue face and DDG's new hit song called Moonwalking in the calabasas bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck



Nigga yo grandma got a old pair of dentures that teleport to random places in her house because she got a rare disease that makes her saliva switch deminsions nigga she weird as fuck

What boy your dad works at six flags and gets paid 93 cents a day just do spray the roller coaster tracks with clorox bleach every 347 minutes nigga you lame as shit

Nigga yo mom got a flat screen TV in her 3 story garage just so she can binge watch robot chicken while she clean out yo 4 month old mcdonalds mcgriddle bag my nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga yo step sister sold her ps4 remote control charger in exchange for a empty locos taco burrito shell because she has an addiction to using them bitches as napkins nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga yo grandma got a 3 inch tv in her closet thats dedicated to searching up videos on how to have drip by prettyboyfredo

Your doctor perscribed you a legendary set of dual wield tooth brushes because yo dirty ass got 56 different species of cavities in yo mouth my nigga you nasty as shit

What boy you survived a plane crash in south africa and as soon as you got out the plane you just took a 2 hour long shit behind a tree my nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga the chief executive leader of the Ku Klux Klan snuck into yo house my nigga just so he could put his big toe on yo lips then sneak back out my nigga you stupid as fuck

What boy you came out the womb swinging yo umbellical cord around like a cowboy rope throwin that shit at the doctors knee caps my nigga just so you could kidnap they doctors outfits because you thought that shit was stylish as fuck my nigga you ugly as shit

My nigga you got a special disease that makes you increase in height whenever you smell farts my nigga and Donald Trump found out about it and put you under solitary confinement to run tests on yo elbows my nigga you weird as shit

Stop talking nigga ya dad was the 5th president of the united states and he vetoed a bill that could've ended slavery boy your relatives are racist nigga

Nigga ya mom passed away at the cell games from Dragon Ball Z cuz a kamehameha blast scraped her forehead boy fuck is wrong with you

nope nope nope ya mom was famous in the hiden leaf village because she helped Hinata build up the courage to express her feelings towards naruto like shit boy you ugly as shit stop talkin to me 

Nigga yo step dad tripped and fell off the london bridge because a legendary pokemon was biting his Gucci shoe strings because they was unties because that nigga don't even know how to tie his shoe strings nigga fuck is wrong with ya family boy 

You the only nigga I know that thought Justin Bieber was an unknown species of bievers dumb ass boy stop talking to me nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga shut up your father is the second best uno player in the world he magically gets 18 draw 4 cards in a single match because he makes special ancient lucky prayers to the Giene from the arabian knights like shit boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga PewDiePie made a reaction video to you fingering yo booty hole with a 3d printed discord logo and he disliked the video and reported it to youtubes email dumb ass boyyou ugly as fuck


Nigga you just mad because yo step sister literally closed her left eye and opened it and it turned into an incomplete rinnegan that niggas ancestors from 3000 years ago was Itachi's uncle my nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga the number in yo discord tag stands for how many times you've gotten yo ass beat in Middle School my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you that one dude that slap boxes in High School and get mad whenever a nigga weave you left hook yo ass get to kicking niggas ugly ass boy

Fuck no boy you paid 800$ just to get the level 20 role dumb ass boy fuck is wrong with you

Yo fat ass grandma drink all the bacon grease out the pan as an appetizer before she eat breakfast fat ass bitch fuck is wrong with you

Fuck up nigga you perfectly place plastic cups in yo ear thinking you hearing the ocean dumb ass boy thought he had a sea shell nigga dumb as fuck 

Fuck up nigga yo momma masturbates with an oragami dildo she made out of copy paper my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me



Your jewish father stapled a cucumber to his ear because he wanted to try out for the Zimbabwe Nambya tribe my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga ya mom farted on the statue of liberaty and it instantly started molding my nigga you nasty as shit stop talking to me nigga

Nigga you just mad because yo number 2 pencil snapped during yo End Of Course assessments in yo 7th grade chemistryclass  like shit my nigga you dumb as shit

Nigga ya mom got kicked out of a top tier mc donalds resturant because she jumped over the counter and grabbed every ketch-up packet and stuffed it in her bullet proof MCM purse my nigga you dumb as shit 


Nigga I looked at yo grandma laptop and I went to her bookmarks and all I seen was a youtube video titled "How To Bookmark For Beginners" dumb ass bitch what are you talking about

Terrible nigga ya mom got a magic washing machine boy she put a empty gatorade bottle in it and it turned into a filled powerade bottle stupid ass weird ass nigga fix ya house 

You just mad cuz yo ex girlfriend left you when she found out she had more robux than you broke ass boy stop talking to me

Nigga ya grandmas daughter taught Michael jackson how to moon walk with sketchers on back in 1987 dumb ass nigg fuck is you saying to me nigga

Nigga your mom is dumb as fuck she an ancient believer that theirs eleventy-seven numbers in the alphabet stupid ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout

Nigga you literally are 100% prepared for a zombie apocolypse because you thought you was gon recreate the plants vs zombies game and grow 900 million plants and inject random super powers in each plant just to survive like shit nigga you're retarded as fuck

You're literally weird as fuck nigga you eat oreos by taking an oreo and cutting that shit in 4 pieces with a kitchen knife then tossing that bitch in yo mouth like it's some skittles like shit nigga you retarded as fuck

Nigga your mother was literally main actress in a winter roleplay survival adventure game cenctered around the colonization of Quebec boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin

Nigga your mom is literally known in the white house because she deep throated 7 of the U.S. presidents nigga ya mom is a federal thot fuck is you sayin nigga

You literally got kicked out of a London tea party because you was listening to rap music at the V.I.P. dinner tables nigga you dumb as fuck stop talking


Nigga Drake literally hired you as the editor in his Hotline Bling music video boy because he thought your edits on VanossGamings deathrun videos were exquisit nigga fuck up talking to me you're retarded nigga

Nigga your fat ass grandma literally made a wish to the holy grail from fate/zero boy and her one and only wish was to summon a forbidden floppy sea spider nigga and when she seen that shit her heart rate jumped to 0 and she died boy you're ugly as shit stop talking to me

Nigga that's why yo laptops internal webcam drivers are corrupted and have viruses in them nigga and whenever you turn on yo camera in discord calls all you see is a McDonalds McGriddle wrapper with staples in it nigga you ugly as fuck


Shut up nigga that's why you're best friends with Jimmidy Cricket because you made strange noises with him late at night 

Nigga you was on rediculousness because you did a back flip off of a swing set and yo neck landed on a porcupine and that shit scratched yo Thyroid then you threw up seasoned salt cuz you ate steak in the morning

Nigga you went to jacob sartoriouses concert just to steal his water bottle and use that shit when you get in the shower and you thought you was gon get tik tok famous

Nigga you paid approximately 125,224 dollars just to install cameras in yo eyes so you could take pictures of notes so you could cheat on tests and you still failed every class because the quality of the images were too low to read

Nigga all yo class mates call you and your best friend carl the king of the cafeteria because yall be eating yall lunches in approximately 2 bites boy

Shut up nigga your closet is an actual machine that turns niggas gay fuck is you talkin bout they walk in that bitch and walk out and then they dick turn into a vagina dumb ass nigga that's why yo ceiling made out of copy paper and that shit don't even last 2 days and yo parents pay 200 a month to get that shit fixed dumb ass boy

Nigga you was in yo front yard and a lady bug flew in yo left ear lobe and then out yo nose then in yo belly button then out yo ball sack and you turned into a Jaguar dumb ass nigga 

That's why yo dumb ass thought FPS stood for Future Pussy Stickers and yo dumb ass typed that exact phrase into the amazon website search bar and it redirected you to a porn website bitch ass nigga

Nigga you ordered a HyperX gaming headset from amazon and 2 weeks later you got a package on yo doorstep and you opened it up and the only thing you seen inside of it was a box of lunchables dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you tried to do a back flip for the first time off of yo sisters trampoline and you got so scared that yo life flashed before yo eyes and you landed on yo hairline and fell into sleep paralysis dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck and yo sleep paralysis demon is a microwave dumb ass fat ass bitch cuz all you think about is food fat ass boy

That was ass nigga ya great grandfather got killed in the Vietnam war because a enemy soldier 360 noscoped him and he gained 13,000 experience points and he got ranked to a grand master dumb ass nigga that's why yo jaw locks whenever you listen to the english variation of Descapito 2 with one ear bud in dumb ass nigga stop talking to me boy

Nigga that was ass boy that's why yo iPhone self destructs whenever you forget yo apple id password dumb ass boy fuck is wrong with you nigga that's why Wubbzy from Wow Wow Wubbzy tought you how to hoola hoop with a spatula while balancing on a basketball while being naked in a jzcuzzi dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

Nigga yo dumb ass had a science test and you studied algebra all night on accident and you failed the test dumb ass boy fuck is you saying nigga that's why stewie griffin gave you a hand job in the back of the magic schoolbus dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me boy

That was ass nigga you was taking a quiz in geometry class and you answered all the questions in egyptian hieroglyphics and you got expelled from school because the hieroglyphics on question 3 translated to the N word dumb ass boy you dumb as fuck

Shut yo bitch ass up nigga you tried to pack-a-punch a 10 dollar bill and you thought it was gonna turn into a 100 dollar bill you poor ass nigga you tried to put a fruit roll-up in a vending machine and another fruit rollup came out you dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

Uhuh nigga and you was robbing niggas houses in Florida tip toeinng to they bathroom because you had to pee and yo dumbasss flushed the toilet dumb ass boy

That was ass boy ya mother be making you sit in the corner with a water bucket on each hand whenever you get into an altercation in school over hot-wheels dumb ass boy that's why I caught yo retarded ass grandfather try-harding on a bop-it trying to show off infront of cancer patients in New-Zealand dumb ass boy 

That was ass boy you tried to fight Henry Danger why he was filming his next episode in Hollywood and he sued you for assault dumb ass boy that's why you lost a staring competition to a blind man dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

That was ass boy ya father invited me to a scribblio match at 6:30 in the morning and he sent uber-eats to my house and all I saw was 3 jolly ranchers sitting on my porch with a pokemon action figure holding them dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck



Shut up nigga you drunk kool-aid for the first time and 3 pimples grew on yo forehead boy and yo mother took you to the doctor and turns out you have a water allergy.. dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga your a evil mad genius nigga your bathroom controls the weather boy, whenever you turn on yo fossil it starts raining and whenever you flush yo toilet it starts storming dumb ass nigga you evil as fuck

Uhuh nigga that's why yo jaw weak as fuck boy, whenever you eat jolly ranchers yo jaw locks... dumb ass boy and you start crying cause of the pain then yo momma bitch slapped you cuz you was bein a bitch about it you bum ass nigga

You smell like chimpanzee knuckle juice... with banana peppers... dumb ass boy and ya mother got ran over and defeated by an angry lady bug.. dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

That was ass nigga you joined the Teen Titans team and they tested yo intellectual intelligence boy, and yo dumb ass got defeated by a calculator that only had add and subtract on it nigga you dumb as fuck

Ya mother has allergic reactions to venus fly trap bites boy, and whenever she try to walk up stairs time goes slower nigga you dumb as fuck 

Nigga first time you tried to have a lucid dream you fell into sleep paralysis boy, and yo sleep paralysis demon was a stapler nigga you dumb as fuck

You proposed to yo girl friend on poptropica and she left the game nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga your indian tech support scammer tracked yo IP boy, because he heard you take a piss using a satellite radio nigga you dumb as shit

Nigga bounty hunder D was struggling to capture you boy, because you was born in the hidden leaf village and you knew the shadow clone jutsu nigga you stupid as fuck

That was ass nigga that's why a 23 year old man reported you in roblox dungeon quest boy, because you was using synapse to automatically complete dungeons nigga you dumb as fuck

Nope nigga you beat someone in a 1v1 on fortnite and he sent you a ip logger and you clicked on it with a VPN that redirected your location to your neighbors house and next thing you know your neighbors house blew up boy ever since then you called yourself a murderer nigga u dumb as fuck

Nigga you can't even use the dark theme on youtube boy, because yo black ass fingers camouflauge with the screen nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you poured gasoline on skeleton and lit it on fire boy, and you thought you recreated the ghost rider nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you had a 50 person orgy with 49 random people that you found on roblox Adopt Me nigga you weird as fuck

That's why yo teacher stopped you from finishing yo pop quiz cuz you was answering all the questions in Egyptian hieroglyphics 


And that's why yo bus driver banned you from riding the bus for a whole month because you tossed a used condom at his left shoulder blade nigga

Nigga yo pet squirrel grew wings and full grown human legs and started walking inside yo kitchen and opened up the microwave and put a mexican burrito inside and 3 seconds later the PS3 homescreen music started playing out yo Bluetooth Stereo CD Boombox Radio player bitch ass nigga and thats why yo step moms GPS got hacked by the creators of Synapse X and they redirected her destination to the Bakini Bottom and she drove off a cliff and fell into the Atlantic Ocean and all you seen was 36 Mermaids playing tic tac toe on an abandoned island bitch ass nigga and that's why yo step mom got a strange house bitch ass nigga her house has no roof or no wals on that shit all you got is floors bitch ass nigga

 you have no furnature in yo house because your mother is a very experienced space conservationist bitch ass nigga and that's why whenever you eat hotfries at exactly 6:32 AM yo front door teleports into yo moms room and explodes and the only thing that comes out of the door is dried up ketchup and sewage water bitch ass nigga you ugly as shit nigga that's why yo mom was throwing it back for the assistant principle of the local Elementary School and he accidentally started moaning over the schools intercom and all the little kids thought someone was having a seizure bitch ass nigga 

that's why yo step mom is a professional colorbook colorer dumb ass nigga she has exactly 664,599 copies of the hello kitty coloring book and spends 21 hours a day completing them bitch ass nigga im finna flame the fuck out of you boy that's why yo laptop charger mounfunctions whenever you play roblox jail break because you accidentally installed a driver on yo laptop that was custom made by microsoft to spy on all of yo Bookmark history bitch ass nigga that's why the ice king from adventure time anal raped yo step mom because he wanted to disect her internal red blood cells bitch ass nigga and that's why you read the future in 60 years and all you seen was the world being destroyed bitch ass nigga and little did you know the world was being destroyed by DR. EggMan and little did you know my nigga that was yo step-cousin bitch ass nigga you ugly as shit 

and that's why yo dumb ass thought you was a air bender because you sneezed and it had the force of a Kamehameha bitch ass nigga thats why yo discord account got terminated because you accidentally sent a grabbify link to Snoop Dogg's weed dealer bitch ass nigga what are you saying nigga that's why you looked in yo peripheral vision and all you seen was that nigga Itachi Uchiha putting you in an Infinite Tsukyomi Genjutsu and while you were in the Genjutsu that nigga Sonic The Hedgehog and Knuckles hanged banged yo mom on top of an iron board in yo living room with pink L.E.D. lights on bitch ass nigga a tasmanian devil had sex with yo screw driver that you used to fix yo broken WiiU controller and when you found about what he did to it you snapped yo neck and didn't die because you accidentally did a cheat code to go into god mode because you was playing Dance Dance revolution bitch ass nigga you ugly like fuck 
nigga yo mom was extremely horny at 12 o'clock in the morning and grabbed a sheet of printer paper out her printer in her closet and made an oragami dildo bitch ass nigga and whenever she used it she got paper cuts on her coochie flaps dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck that's why yo grandma is retarded she played rock paper scissor for the first time and she picked rock and picked up the biggest rock she could find and launched that shit at yo forehead and knock you into sleep paralysis bitch ass nigga that's why yo yo science teacher gave you a quit on the periodic table and yo dumb ass thought it was a eating contest just because it had the word table in it bitch ass nigga yo mom looked at the map of the United states of america and pointed at 

Nigga yo mom was throwing it back for James Charles and she convinced that gay ass nigga to smack her ass bitch ass nigga that's why yo mom was on Canadians Got Talent because she knew how to say her ABC's backwards and in reverse bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck and that's why yo mom is a 3rd demensional superhero and yo superpower is sticky sweat bitch ass nigga that's why ariana grande anal raped yo step cousin yo mom got raped by Jariya Sensei from Naruto because she knew how to do the sexy lady jutsu bitch ass nigga

Yo mom practices lucid dreaming with Juice Wrld every day because she was a fan of him since 1942 back when saudi arabia wasn't a thing and that's whhy the only thing you got on christmas was a gift card and you opened the gift card and all you seen was a sticky note saying "FUck you!" bitch ass nigga

Nigga yo mom is the chief executive of the Ku Klux Klan and she knows how to seduce james charles and donald trump bitch ass nigga that's why yo grandma was the president of the arts and crafts club back in middle school because she knew how to draw the blue eyed dragon from yugioh

yo dad was at a hair salon, and they gave this nigga a bald fade on accident, cuz the barber was on bath salts bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck nigga and that's why yo dentist is a exorcist from blue exorcist, and that nigga started putting ancient spells on yo teeth, to make them shine brighter dumb ass nigga fuck is yo ass saying nigga yo grandma got bit by a venus fly trap, and her ass did the stop drop and roll dumb ass nigga she stupid as fuck nigga and that's why the remote to yo TV only got two buttons on that shit, and one of the buttons produce black pepper, and whenever you use that shit on food, that shit get to tastin like salt and vinegar chips bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck boy yo mom is a competitive eater, her ass ate 3 hamburgers and tapped out, her ribs was cracking, because her ass forgot to drink water before eating dumb ass nigga she stupid as fuck on god nigga and that's 

why yo step mom, that bitch is a golf player, her ass accidentally hit the golf-ball into outer space cuz her ass got hidden super saiyan strength bitch ass nigga fuck is you sayin nigga

 yo mom got into an altercation at lunch time in the high school cafateria, cuz the lunch lady winked at her sideways dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck boi 

you got a doll in yo house that helps you be a better ventriloquist little did you know that shit can actually talk on its own dumb ass nigga yo mom tried to play with it and 3 hours later her windows in her room started creakin dumb ass 

nigga yo ass went went in minecraft and went to the nether world and started doing the barrel roll infront of the ender dragon and that nigga started tap dancing with a boombox on his left wing dumb ass nigga yo ass tried to tap dance with him and he made yo PS3 explode bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck boy you got a truck in yo backyard, and whenever you go inside of the trunk yo ass get teleported to a tropical forest biome dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck boi yo ass played the exact same song, on two different devices, and when you heard it, yo ass fell into sleep paralysis dumb ass nigga and yo mom tried to wake you up, and her ass got posessed by satan, her ass was jumping up and down causing earth quakes cuz she fat as fuck and eat 5 Guys burgers all day dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying 

What nigga you wasted 5 years of your life cracking the code of a secret safe and you unlocked it and all you seen was the word supercalafredgalisticexpielladocious written in hieroglyphics on a sticky note dumb ass nigga yo ass live in porkbelly and yo dad got a atomic bomb on his truck, that shit exploded and a CD Radio boombox player teleported to the middle of yo driveway playing Despacito english version dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass started meditating to the song and you awakened the eternal mangekyou sharingan dumb ass nigga yo genius sisters made you eat salt and you transformed into a female, yo ass got beat up by that nigga Bling Bling boy from Johnny Test cuz you stole his Uranium and yo ass started running around town with a peanut butter tattoo on yo belly button and yo ass got chased down town by 543,669 squirrels cuz they wanted yo nuts gay ass nigga 

yo ass got diamond grills on yo teeth, and you used that shit to break out of prison dumb ass nigga yo ass started biting through the walls like shit dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying boi yo ass sung an ancient ritual from the 1400's and transformed into a fish-man and teleported to the middle of the pacific ocean, yo ass went on land and started break dancing, and suffocated to death dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga that nigga Bling Bling boy from Johnny Test sung you a bed time story because you lost all you memory, because yo sister injected you with poison and it turned you into a superhero dumb ass nigga yo ass can fart, and you start flyin bitch ass nigga yo ass can punch the air, and create cosmic waves that evaporate light rays from the sun dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying 

Nigga ya mom was tap dancing on top of the statue of liberty with a ps3 controller stapled to her left knee cap with a baby carrot glued to her uvula boy and whenever she gets mad she just takes her anger out on you and takes massive shits on your ps4 and make that shit overheat and explode fuck is wrong with you my nigga

my nigga what boy you was in the dragon ball z universe with epilepsy boy and as soon as you seen a kamehameha you just fell in a 87 year coma boy and you woke up with knee cap fragments in yo ankle my nigga you ugly as shit

 nigga shut up boy yo mom got assassinated by Desmond Miles from assassins creed because she took that nigga legendary dagger ugly ass boy finna flame the fuck out yo ass boy you got mad and committed suicide because yo pet pikachu evolved into a charizard accidentally because you fuzed it with a rubix cube ugly ass boy 

Yo mom ugly as fuck nigga she started grinning her teeth together, and a random subway sub sandwhich started levitating above her iron board, she grabbed that shit and she transformed into the armored titan from attack on titans bitch ass nigga, she got to stomping everywhere, and she killed 843,665,337 people dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo grandma got gang banged phinease and ferb, little did you know, they was holdind nerf guns in they hand shooting yo momma in her head while they was fucking her dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga 

yo pet cat is 11 years old and whenever it tries to pee, nothing comes out but ketchup water you nasty ass bitch that's why yo great great grandma got out of bed at 5 in the morning, walked in the garage, grabbed a screwdriver, and started tightening every screw in the house bitch ass nigga while she was in sleep paralysis dumb ass nigga yo mom scary as shit nigga that's why yo mom is the only person 0in the world that knows what Abraham Lincolns penis looks like because her long lost relatives saved a picture of it on a Swivel Bulk Thumb Acer Nitro 5 USB Flash Drive dumb ass nigga yo family weird as shit thats why yo mom was playing Poptropica, she injected cheat engine and got banned instantly nigga instantaniously banning that bitch nigga yo mom is in the guinese world records for beating 300 people in a 300 versus 1 tug-of-war match dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga 

I snatched yo momma weave out and made her chase it like a bull bitch ass nigga i smacked yo momma with a greasy cheese burger and she started levitating dumb ass nigga yo mom was on a trampoline and did a backflip and entered third person in real life bitch ass nigga yo mom was throwin it back for niggas to throw nickels at them poor ass nigga you ugly as fuck yo dad got bit by a venus fly trap and fell into sleep paralysis bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck dirty ass nigga 

you was on youtube and you searched "Can an African American temporarily obtain a slice of fried carbohydrates?" and yo FBI agent used instant transmission to yo living room and stole all yo light bulbs dumb ass nigga 

fuck is you saying you hideous ass iPhone 4 se screenprotector forehead ass nigga cmon now lotion bottle neck ass long foot ass itchy toenail having ass nigga im on yo ass nigga I went to yo momma house and went to the bathroom and opened up the mirror and saw 3 dildos and they all had sticky notes with names on them saying "Pussy Destroyer 1, 2 and 3" dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck I'll smack yo momma with a meat ball and she start breakdancing from the adrenaline rush bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying to me bitch ass nigga yo mom was in Highschool walking around the halls and she tripped and fell and busted her chest open bitch ass boy fuck is you saying nigga you ugly as fuck fat neck ass picture frame neck ass BiC lighter face ass acute triangle teeth shape ass nigga you spectacularly ugly as shit with yo Kapreson straw neck ass and speaking of kapreson straws, yo mom had a kapreson straw and put it in her booty hole and that fat bitch got tired because her left arm alone weigh 700 pounds fat ass bitch nigga fuck is you talking about you lame ass nigga yo father had a crush on Usain Bolt in 1944 while he was playing Saxiphone instrumentals in a doctors office flexing in front of all the patients with knee cap problems bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck

that nigga itachi uchiha put you in a infinite tsukyomi genjutsu and he made you hoolahoop for 600 hours dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck fuck is you saying little ass boy yo momma ate a cough drop and turned into beast boy bitch ass nigga yo mom got 360 noscoped by ninja in a fortnite pre-lobby and he banned you for stream sniping bitch ass nigga 

yo grandma took back shots by Michael Jackson in 1984 sideways bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck nigga got a pillow pet cuz he lonely at night lame ass fat neck ass cmon now fat ass alligator teeth having ass nigga you ugly as fuck yo mom was hittin splits on top of the statue of liberty in exchange for soda cans bitch ass nigga cuz she's an expect recyclist bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck nigga 

yo mom was tieing her shoe laces and accidentally tied her shoe lace to her pinkie toe and she started breaking all the Number 2 pencils tryna prove yo strength to the world bitch ass nigga

yo mom got epathermic displacia and it reverses her hand-eye coordination dumb ass nigga, she tried to pick up a subway sub sandwhich and she could not make contact with that shit she accidentally knocked it off the table, it fell on yo GUCCI shoe laces so you went into anafalactic shock and fell into sleep paralysis bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom is a grand priest in Egypt, and her spirit name is Bonquisha dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga 

you was the first person in the world, to hang-slide off of a cruise ship and yo ass landed in the ocean bitch ass nigga little did you know approximately 16 sharks was suurrounding you and yo ass seen the sharks and you created "How do iiiiiiiiii sayyyyyyy goodbyeeeeee" bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass is the colossal titan from Attack On Titan and that nigga Captain Levi one shot you and you started crying out yo soul and started meditating yo consciousness and transformed into Jesus Christ bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga

shut yo bitch ass up you ugly ass phineus and ferb body built ass nigga you just depressed because yo pet lobster died from a sandstorm in zimbabwe when he was tryna find his kids he left there 3,000 years ago ugly ass boy im on yo ass fr now ugly ass nigga

Shut the fuck up you nasty ass weak collar bone having ass nigga you broke yo wrist tryna shoot a basketball because you took yo trainers words to heart my nigga when he said "flick yo wrist" you flicked that shit to a 326 degree angle and that shit snapped in 7 different locations ugly ass boy fuck is wrong with you

Fuck no boy yo ugly ass green bana peel body built ass nigga yo grandfather sniped a enemy solider and gained 3 experience points because he got lucky asf he dint even mean to do tha tshit my nigga you ugly as fuck

yo mom was bussin it back for that nigga sandy cheeks because she was gon give her a TI-84 calculator if she did it so she could conquor the world dumb ass nigga yo mom created the letter O because she saw the moon and started meditating dumb ass nigga she fell into sleep paralysis, and her sleep paralysis demon was a water battle, with the top off bitch ass boi fuck is you saying nigga you are a legendary pokemon trainer you beat Ash's pikachu by staring at his tail, dumb ass nigga that's why yo Auntie know the secret art of Spinjitsu, her ass can jump up in the air, kill 800 niggas, and fall back to the ground in 0.0004 seconds nigga yo auntie scary as shit fuck is you saying that's why yo granddad got assassinated by a poisonous venus fly trap in south dekota on top of a Ice Cream truck while he was charging his chakra dumb ass nigga yo great grandma created basketball, because she picked up a rock, and threw it through the middle of a lifesaver bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck that's why yo granddad is an experienced agar.io player and he solotricked Donald Trump and gained 439,543 mass and started giving away all his mass to everyone in the game with a number in they name dumb ass nigga yo mom was on a airplane, and she banged her head against the glass, broke the window, jumped out, and landed on a trampoline and she bounced back up to the airplane, sat down, and pulled out a toolbox, and started fixing the airplane dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck, fuck is you saying nigga you are horrible nigga yo granddad is the best space conservationist in the world nigga he made 84 couches, fit inside of a bathroom dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga you retarded as fuck yo girlfriend is Sakura so she beats the shit out of you whenever you don't acknowledge her dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga you quit gaming, becuz that nigga YBN Nahmir, gave yo mom a cheeseburger, you saw that shit ain't have no meat on that shit, yo ass awakened yo sharingan and put that nigga into Sleep Paralysis, dumb ass nigga boy you ugly as fuck, yo grandma 360 noscoped Ninja and Tfue ina  fortnite prelobby match on accident, and he banned her account for allegid stream sniping bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom was twerking her ass on top of the london bridge, just so she could make niggas throw nickels at her, and when she saw the nickels ain't have Theodore Rosevelts face on it, she strated panicing, her ass realized she wasn't in the same Country no more dumb ass nigga you retarded as fuck, im on yo ass now nigga you own a gold fish and a alligator, and yo fish ate yo alligator and transformed into a BeyBlade dumb ass nigga because little did you know, that was nemo from finding nemo bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck, on yo ass for real nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom got a bottle of dioxyribo nucleic acid, sitting on the top of her chimney, and whenever it comes in contact with steam, it spawns satan dumb ass nigga, yo mom is a top tier architect, she created the london bridge dumb ass nigga

Ugly ass pineapple pinocio pinecone body built ass nigga yo mom took 13 viagra pills and started dry humping the light switch on her wall you stank ass bald ass degenerate fortnite playing ass nigga im on yo ass fr now bitch made ass boy

Shut up you bitch ass virgin 3 months ago yo mom got kidnapped by soul reapers and got evicerated in the soul society by Rukia Kuchki you fat ass pickle neck ass boy you just mad cuz yo headset falls off yo head cuz that shit was made for dwayne the rock johnson you ugly ass boy fuck is wrong with you

fuck up nigga yo grandma had sex with the engine of a motor byke back in new jersey

nigga what boy you been in void so long that you thought pakistan was the capitak of void just because it had pak in it you retarded ass reject nigga im on yo ass fr boy

nigga yo mom was throwing it back at a strip club for free and they gave her 3 pinnies and a nickel and she started throwin a tantrum and kissing every managers knee caps and you started throwing all the dinner plates


My nigga what boy you got arrested and sent to life in prison my nigga because the FBI because you gruesimly murdered a crocodile in a new zealand hallocaust commercial my nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga you literally was in a 1987 range rover sticking half way solved rubix cubes in yo belly button while drawing circles and x's on that shit like a tic tac toe board and when you lost to yourself you committed suicide because you just lost all dedication to life my nigga you ugly as shit

You came out yo momma pussy using yo umbelical cord as a legendary katana from poptropica and yo ass got 1 shotted by a needle, dumb ass boy fuck is u talkin bout

yo ass got a "LAUNCH" button on yo keyboard, and whenever you press that shit yo mom start running down the stairs with purple cast-iron booty shorts on and start washing all the dishes in the house weird ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass had a guitar, played a song for yo crush, and her boyfriend shot you in the head with a high pressure water gun dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying  boy yo ass was earing an egyptian trinket around yo neck yo school one day, and it started an alien apocolypse cuz that shit got long lost ancient hispanic testronomic DNA in that shit bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying boa yo baby brother had a wooden bat and started beating the shit out of you just to tell you that dinner was ready dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga you was in wal-mart crying because you couldn't find yo girl friend, little did you know she was on isle 13 giving blow-jobs to every nigga that bought her a pair of lip gloss dumb ass nigga 

Nigga yo step-mom one shot the floor 1 dungeon boss from Swort Art Online because her ass had a legendary weapon crafted out of S rated gobanzo tree trunk bark dumb ass boy fuck is you saying nigga yo ass was depressed one day because yo pet snail died yo ass tried to astral project and yo soul got stuck in a ceiling fan bitch ass boi you ugly as fuck boy yo mom was bussin it back for Ronald Mc Donald for a free McFlurry and he did not give that shit to her dumb ass boi yo ass is inconsistantly sideways and yo vision is tilted to the left side of yo brain cuz yo ass got a weird condition called "Optical Dislexic Trajectory Flouride Symptoms bitch ass boy fuck is you sayinn nigga yo mom got gang banked my Krillin, Yamcha, Picollo and Android 18 in super saiyan form dumb ass nigga and when they got done, they summoned shenron and wished for a bacon egg and cheese sandwhich dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga now I'm finna flame the shit out of you nigga timmy turner is yo secret Physical Science teacher yo ass passed the class with a 100% cuz he did all the homework for you dumb ass boi fuck is u sayin nigga yo mom works at Freddy Frasbaears Pizzaria from Five Nights at Freddy's, her ass had a heart attack cuz she did not see a animatronic, her ass seen Courage the Cowardly Dog, that nigga was milly rocking with a watch in his hand and yo mom got hypnotized by it bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom was inside the world of Attack on Titans, little did you know she was the Colossal Titan dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck boi yo great great step-grandma was bussin it back at a christian strip club where the only think you can shake is yo knee caps bitch ass boi fuck is u saying nigga yo ass made a Do It Yourself Fidget Spinner made out of Kunai Khifes and Ninja Shurikens bitch ass nigga yo ass tried to throw that shit, and it had no aim dumb ass nigga that shit landed in a bird nest and killed 3 baby penguins dumb ass boy fuck is u saying nigga

you used a senzu bean on Michael jacksons corpse and that nigga got up and started moonwalking with KameHameHa waves coming out of his diamond glove dumb ass nigga yo ass was on dance dance revolution 2 practicing yo high school prom dance skills bitch ass boy fuck is you saying nigga now im on yo shit nigga yo iphone 5 got a screenprotector on it that absorbs salt dumb ass nigga and you paid 400 dollars for that shit tahts why Shisui Uchiha put you in a Genjutsu that made yo 5 senses evaporate bitch ass nigga yo mom fell into sleep paralysis cuz yo ass got a Optical Illusion ceiling fan bitch ass nigga you get to turning that shit on and all you see is a black and red spiral dumb ass niga you stupid as fuck boy yo ass is a arabian knight spirit that died in 1432 because yo ass got speared in yo back by Theodore Rosevelt with a Golden Eagle dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass got a piggy bank in yo room thats soul bounded to only catching Nickels dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass still got a 3DS and the only game you got is Sonic Unleashed and yo ass is stuck on the first stage because 3 of yo buttons broke dumb ass nigga yo ass can only move up and down dumb ass boi fuck is u saying yo ass got 3 candles lit up in yo bathroom to do ancient christian japanese dragon ball z shenron chants to summon the Goddess of Bumblebees dumb ass boy fuck is you saying nigga

nigga yo mom was caught in a wild fire in a jungle, her ass transformed into the Colossal Titan to save herself dumb ass nigga yo mom is an ancient level 300 sewer dweller her ass get to killin all alligators for fun dumb ass boy fuck is you talkin but nigga yo ass got a microwave in yo kitchen, that makes yo food colder with yo ironic ass boy and whenever you use that shit yo food get frost bite dumb ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout yo great grandfather was bussin it back at the LGBTQ hideout with nothing but a ariana grande halloween outfit on nigga got to hittin all high notes tryna impersonate her so niggas could touch on his gay ass, ugly ass boy 

fuck is you talkin bout nigga yo granddad is that nigga Choji from Naruto fat ass boy yo ass get to throwing hand signs and turning into a giant dumb ass boi fuck is you talkin bout nigga yo internet cable is snapped in half cuz that nigga courage the cowardly dog be bitin yo shit at night time when you dont give him a fruit roll-up when he successfully pees in his potty bin dumb ass nigga you stupid like fuck boi

nigga yo mom created the loadout of the roblox website dumb ass nigga you dont even have a shower in yo house and you gotta take showers in yo washing machine in the laundry room bitch ass nigga yo ass dont even know how to throw a frizby 

Nah nigga you really smell like armadillo knee cap grease with ketchup and mustard on it and you put black pepper on it as a toping bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck boy and that's why yo keyboard loses keys whenever you play OSU Mania because you be tapping yo keyboard too hard

Nigga you answered A on every question of yo S.A.T. tests 

Yeah nigga and ya mom put you on punishment because you responded to her text in all caps with an exclamation mark at the end nigga

1. that shit was concerningly unfunny nigga yo ass got banned from hogwarts for water bending teriyaki chicken sauce you lame as hell

2. boy hell nah they call you the booty bandit of cell 9-1 you make yo inmates do thick booty checks by 9 am sharp dumb ass nigga

3. nigga noo yo barber edge you up with the book of trials and tribulations nigga you bout ugly as shit

4. nman that shit was still lame you play sword fighting games with magnetic rainbow dragon dildos you lame as hell

5. nobody laughed bruh you was on the cover of nba jam 2003 edition crossin up shaq in some louis vuitton skechers boy you lame as fuck

6. yo ass thought you was a medieval knight of korgoth nigga you was using yo toshiba laptop as a shield to block attacks lame ass boy

7. no no no my nigga yo granny was trying to crip walk with a metal plate in her hip like shit lame ass boy

8. nigga before you go to sleep you make angry bird noises talking about soume HRUAUAUUAUAUAH lame ass nigga what you sayin

9. that shit was ass you was using soysauce to summon a pakistanian cockroach demon boy you lame as hell

10. boy hell nah your aunties name is holly gideon that bitch is known for headbuttin snappin turtles like shit nigga you out bad

11. boy hell nah yo ass was on dateline nbc talking about some "are you really from 63rd" lame ass nigga what you mean

12. nigga you dont got any hot water you got to put a cup of cold water in a microwave like shit you bum ass nigga

13. boy yo ass gotta slapbox the roaches in yo cabinet just to get your own food you homeless bitch 

14. nigga you was remixing lil wayne music and turned it into a ghetto gospel like shit you weird bitch dont talk to me

15. you make dubstep remixes out of hentai and call it the digital horny chronicles you weird ass nigga

16. nope nigga yo ass bought pornhub premium just to beat ya meat to ya granny you alabama ass nigga

17. that shit was ass nigga you ass became the top isis for blowing up a school with a boogie bomb you dumb bitch

18. that was terrible you learned the secret are of playing a violin with your tiddies weird ass nigga

19. boy no yo ass came up with a virus called the pdf demon and it sendS everybody chris browns ass pics you bout dirty as shit

20. not funny nigga you print 3d figures of yourself and posted a picture with them saying 'look at me and the gang!" dumb ass nigga

21. that shit was so unfunny niggas call you tyrone the terrible you was 360 noscoping niggas with your nut you weird ass nigga

22. nope boy you was in a beatboxing competition with jesus and caught a asthma attack fat ass nigga

23. still not funny you was on the 911 plane dancing to gucci mane ugly ass nigga what you sayin

24. nope that shit was ass you got pulled over for speeding and you showed the officer a krabby patty formula ugly ass nigga what you sayin?

25 never say that again nigga you got suspended from your karate dojo for using dildos as nunchucks 

26. you so lame bruh you was in the middle of o block sellin Chameleon skin to kids weird ass boy dont say shit to me

27. boy hell nah your the best pencil sharpener in the world yo ass sharpen pencils with the gap in ya teeth 

30. boy that shit was terrible you gave yall ballsack a whole taper fade and slapped that shit talking about some "i like ya cut g"

31. nope nigga yo momma beat you with fendi extension cords 

32. nigga that was terrible you was playing wii sports resort with roach antennas you broke ass boy what you sayin

33. boy hell nah yo ass went on roblox and made a 32 track chris brown RNB song to express your love to your roblox girlfriend you cringe ass nigga

34. nah nigga thats why your mom disowned you because she walked in your room and she saw you on all fours in perfect harmony with the crickets outside you ugly ass nigga

35. boy no that shit was garbage you turned the bass all the way up in your car and used it as a Professional Butt Massager fat ass nigga

36. nigga you about weird as hell you do a whole brawlhalla combo just to whipe your ass cheeks talking about some up down right right left down ugly ass nigga shut up talking to me

37. boy you lonely like shit yo ass was dating your roblox girlfriend for 5 years met the bitch in real life and she ended up being your mom you out bad

38. boy no you was roleplaying with your sphagetti acting like a rockstar back in the 80s you dumb ass nigga quit talking to me

39. so i guess were not gonna talk about when you were beating boxing with the cockroaches on your washer machine? weird ass nigga

40. yo pipe down because yo granny was upstairs dancing talking about some "WOO WEDNESDAY WOOHOOO" lame ass nigga she about to meet the woo in 2 weeks

41. still not funny nigga you gotta turn on your microwave for a stronger wifi connection nigga you garbage

42. no nigga yo ass is a triple duper decker OG gangbanger of roblox my nigga you are known as the notorious meepcity crip nasty ass nigga 

42. that was terrible yo barber edge you up with a saints row 4 dubstep gun like shit you dumbass nigga you garbage. 

43. man you so trash bro you got john cena tattoed on tattooed on ya ass cheeck and put your grandpa in a wrestlemania smackdown 

44. boy you are the biggest NBA Youngboy fan on earth yo barber asked you what you wanted yo ass started talking about some ROUUUUND AND ROUUUND. ROUUND AND ROUUUUND! weird ass boy you lame as hell.

45. no not again nigga you got banned from the local zoo because yo ass put a alligator in a forbidden australian choke hold boy you strong as hell

46. nah nigga yo uncle leroy got a special role as the cyber karate crackhead in cyberpunk 2077 yall both ugly as shit 

47. no that was lame too boy yo ass cancelled your birthday party because the dj didnt play exclusive lakewood church music boy you dumb as fuck

48. still not funny yo granny got arrested bc that bitch was on the corner selling HEB pepto bismo like shit you lame ass nigga

49. nigga you weird as hell you look like a secret downsyndrome monster from gravity falls nigga you lame as fuck

50. no boy you look like a dark skin liu kang from wakanda like shit over there karate kickin niggas in tiger print gucci slides dumb ass boy dont say shit to me

51. fuck up nigga your uk ass goes like "oh mate i ate me bake beans for breaky i gotta let out the gass" fat ass lame bitch


` boy last time you farted you shot yo grandma in the head cuz u though she was GD


` tell me why u was playin 2k21 and you startin shootin very lates cuz yo nigga jaquavious nutted in yo eye


`i caught this nigga drinkin water out of a lake in minecraft


`Yo Moms a braniac she got an A+ in astrophysics


`Your moms notorious for slappin biggie smalls with a cheese slice


`My nigga i cant take you serious you got jumped for claiming blood when u was a latin king


`no nigga try again tell me why i caught you wearing a referee shirt to a 
bible study thinking you can host a packin session nigga


`nigga i cant take your mom anywhere boy, she went to the back of the mcdonalds and ordered
a travis scott meal in polish


`that shit was unfunny nigga tell me why i caught you taking the nether portal hitting the 
renegade tryna get to the musium where anthony davis's great grandma died stupid ass nigga


`you went to a birthday party i caught you playing just fortnite with your 92nd year old grandpa


`almost funny except for the fact i caught you jerking off with hand sanitizer while tryna stay safe from kidney failue my nigga


`bro mar tryna fuck with yo mom and he took a whiff of that pussy and said "ewwwwww" "picture"


`you built like a blueface freestyle my nigga you off beat as shit boi


`everyone thought they caught big foot my nigga 360 gz made a video giving bigfoot a haircut and it was yo grandpa my nigga


`Yo mom was locked up in federal prison for attempting second degree murder on thomas the train my nigga


`Yo grandma got kicked out of a lyric lemonade video cause she kept summoning dead rappers


`Yo grandma got jumped for playing with a dead body in 64th n king drive oBLOCK BANG BANG


` This Nigga you woke up and saw juice wrld and thought he came back from the dead only to find out you got killed
by mar during a home invasion

` I HEAR THE DOUBLE CHIN CLAPPIN THROUGH THE SCREEN NIGGA, I SMACKED YA MOMMA 
ASS AND GOT arrested FOR GUNSHOTS U DUMBASS NIGGA

That was ass nigga you made a clone of yourself using a easythread digital mini 3D printer boy just so you could use him to complete the easteregg on the Moon map on Black Ops 3 Zombies nigga you ugly as shit

That's why yo ass got LED Lights in yo Toshiba Microwave boy and yo ass be barbecuing jello in that shit with sprinkles on top boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass nigga that's why whenever you lose a match of brawlhalla you sneeze in one of yo amazon basics kids storage organizer bins boy you nasty as fuck

Yup nigga and that's why yo Acer Aspire 5 Slim Laptop shuts down whenever you get the hick-ups boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin to me

That's was ass boy that's why yo 65 inch crystal UHD series samsung Smart TV malfunctions whenever someone steps on yo balcony boy you dumb as fuck stop talkin nigga

Yeah nigga that's why yo phone died in chemistry class boy and you tried to charge it with a professional 5-pin USB MIDI cable and it made yo phone get frost bite boy you dumb as fuck

Yup nigga and that's why you bought a digital alarm clock with wooden electronic LED time display just so you could wake up in case you have a nightmare nigga you dumb as fuck boy

That's why you had to buy a Clear point Elite 0.7millimeter mechanical pencil starter kit because yo best friend stole yo Number 2 pencil during the EOC exams boy you stupid as fuck

That was ass nigga you got a Wilson NFL Super Grip Football just sitting in yo garage boy cuz yo great grandfather played on the Washington Redskins back in the old days boy you ugly as fuck

Nope nigga you got a blue summer sky scented premium yankee candle sitting on yo night stand boy because the smell helps you have lucid dreams nigga you weird as fuck 

That was ass nigga you got a 13 foot long lava lamp just sitting in the middle of yo room boy and yo ass be using that shit as a stripper pole nigga fuck is you talkin bout nigga

That was ass boy you got a Enno Vatti Movies Scratch off Poster stapled to yo ceiling in yo room boy and yo ass be looking up at that shit before you go to bed so you can be inspired to do big things in life dumb ass boy fuck is you sayin

Shut up nigga yo poor ass got a HD Full Screen Welmax galaxy Note 9 screen protector on yo iPhone 4 se boy and whenever you try and play a mobile game yo fingers get cuts and scratches on it boy you dumb as fuck

Nope nigga you got colorful high quality assorted balloons just floating in yo shower boy because the gravity in yo bathroom is reversed nigga you dumb as fuck

No boy yo ass got a K11 Foldable stereo tangle-free headset just sitting in yo laundry room because you don't like hearing the clothes wrestle eachother in the dryer nigga you weird as fuck

Nope nigga you got 17 stacks of multipurpose printer paper sitting on top of yo TV just so you can make feedbacks of every tv show you watch boy you dumb as fuck

Nope you carry a Lasko Portable Electric 42 inch Tower Fan in yo left pocket just in case yo kidneys collaps from heat failure nigga you dumb as fuck

That was ass boy you got a leather padded adjustable office chair in yo bath tub just incase yo knee caps get tired when you take a shower boy you weak as fuck nigga

You tried to fuck a old navy mannequine and broke yo dick in half and tried to fuck two e-girls at the same time and got STD's in yo cab muscles boy what are u sayin boy

Uhuh nigga that's why ya mom got charmin ultra soft booty cheeks boy whenever i smack her ass it dont even make clap noizez nigga it just exfoliates nigga you dumb as shit


That's why yo dumb ass father cut yo mattress in half and turned it into a bunk bed for yo step couzins nigga and then yo cousins beat yo ass cuz you failed Chimestry class with a 37% 


Uhuh nigga ya mother is a level 10 warrior nigga and she trains zobies to clip her toe nails with safety sizzors boy you ugly as fuck


Thats why yo family host annual hot potato matches with highly explosive C4s and it landed on you and you died with yo left eye ball hangin out yo right knee kap and yo hairline tranzfused to yo eyelazhes nigga you ugly az fuck


What nigga you put orange juice in yo convertible sports car cuz you couldn't afford gas you broke bitch and yo parents work for a crayola crayon and sea food company nigga you dumb as shit


That's why yo girl friend was in the lofi hip hop radio live stream simping to anime weebz for robux nigga you dumb as shit


Mhm nigga i caught you in a boogie with da hooidie's Drowning music video playing the acoustic piano with yo pinkie toe tied to yo elbows nigga you dumb as shit


Nigga you challenged Kirito from sword art online to a sword fight battle and he slit your neck open and your nasty ass mother sucked all the blood out yo body like a fuckin vampire nigga you ugly as shit


You put bear traps in the shower in jail just in case you drop the soap so Big Dick Jamal don't try yo sexuality nigga you ugly as shit


You went inside the Transporter in Henry Danger because yo knee caps got stolen by Dr. EggMan my nigga you dumb as shit


Uhuh nigga you used to binge watch robot chicken at 1 in the morning waiting for yo bed sheets to dry because you still piss on yoself my nigga you weird as shit


Nigga ya shadow don't even fuck with you cuz it has to grow whenever yo fat ass decide to eat 5 big macs in 3 seconds nigga you fat as shit

That's why you bashed yo teeth out with a hammer and tried to sell yo teeth to the tooth fairy and she scammed you nigga


You get frostbites when you wake up cuz you sleep naked with yo fan on full power nigga 


You sneak into people houses just to steal they crayola crayons just to duo draw a rainbow with ya nephew nigga


You the best barber in the world boa you slap niggas necks before you give them gecko haircuts nigga


You a real life fortnite chararcter nigga when someone kills you everything you own just gon float above yo body and niggas gon come pick it up nigga


Yo mother grounded you because you put yo bed sheets around yo 50 inch 4K Roku TV nigga

Nigga you walked into a chinese resturant and the cashier politely asked you to change yo skin color boy

Ass nigga DenisDaily sent you a friend request on roblox and then he blocked you because you kept following him in his adopt me servers nigga you dumb as fuck

Yo dumb ass knew you had photosinsitive epilepsy so you flickered a flash light at yo left eye ball and you had a seizure on top of the key at a basketball court nigga they picked you up and threw you to the grass to continue they game cuz they didn't give a fuck about you nigga

Nigga you ran an olympic race and tripped over a nacho cheese doritos bag and split yo scalp open and yo brains splattered far enough to reach the finish line and you won the race nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga yo principal got emotional during a speach for all the freshmans boy, and he started loud micing the audience to get his point accross nigga 3/4th of the audience walked out that bitch with hearing loss and ear barotrauma symptoms boy you dumb as fuck

Nigga you was in a star wars roleplay game on roblox boy, and an administrator banned you because you was roleplaying as Darth Vadar with a Jedi outft on nigga you dumb as fuck

That was ass nigga ya father raised you in an arabian desert boy you made a living by training camals how to moon-walk nigga you stupid as fuck

Nigga ya mom was known back in 2018 because she was the best stripper in VRChat boy she used to give discounts for her lapdances to whoever had the most expensive VR headset nigga you stupid as fuck 

Nigga that's why yo grandma gave you a life lesson on alcohol abuse boy, because she caught you having a hangover inside of a bouncy house nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you tried to recreate the meatloaf from Johnny Test for a youtube video and got 674 dislikes because you made them watch all 2 hours of the cooking process nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you met H2ODelirious in a GTA 5 Online server and he gave you a free farrari because he felt bad that you died to a padestrian nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you was number 1 on the leaderboard in a agario server and got tricksplit by the TYT clan nigga you stupid as shit

No nigga you ran away from home yesterday evening and got chased around yo neighborhood by an armadillo boy you stupid as fuck

That was ass nigga ya great great grandfather starred as the main antagonist in the Michael myers movie in 1981 boy you dumb as fuck

Nigga you was cutting yo toe nails and you was on the last toe and yo clippers broke cuz yo toe nails got level 10 strength nigga


Uhuh nigga that's why you got pulled over by the police because the smell of cannabis was coming off yo tires nigga

Yo dumb ass got a gun for the first time and starting holdin that shit like you was death the kid from soul eater nigga be pulling the trigger with his pinkie finger boy you ugly as fuck

Leafy is here made a reaction video to you doing the ice bucket challenge and he called you a weirdo and when you seen the video you suffocated yoself with syrup nigga you dumb as fuck

Wanna know how to father died? That dumb ass nigga was an astronaunt and he forgot to put his space helmet on before stepping on the moon and he suffocated from a lack of oxygen nigga ya father dumb as fuck

Yo dumb ass shot up yo highschool because the lunch lady didn't put pepporoni's on yo pizza nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga yo dumb ass use a jumpshot when you  bowling nigga you stupid as fuck boy 

Nigga you put make-up on yo dick to make yo shit look like it got veins on it boy you ugly as fuck

Shut up nigga you got bullied in highschool boy, so you joined Dr. EggMan to try and eradicate the entire planet and then yo stupid ass got defeated by Ben 10, dumb ass boy

Uhuh and you was in canada and found a zimbabwe zebra dick.. with ketchup on it... and salt.. dumb ass boy and you licked it off because you got horny from it nigga you weird as fuck

That's why broly from dragon ball z hit you with an eraser cannon and called you trash... dumb ass nigga and then saitama hit you with a serious punch and yo front tooth came out and it cracked open as soon as it touched the ground dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

Uhuh and yo ugly ass smell like gorilla elbow juice... with mustard on it.. dumb ass boy and you went fishing in the Ishikari River in Japan and got assassinated by a nigga in a Orochimaru costume my nigga you dumb as fuck

You the first person in the world to kick down window shields in the suburbs on range rovers dumb ass boy you tilted yo head up down and then to the left and you entered 3rd person mode in real life dumb ass boy you solved a rubiks cube by flipping it upside down dumb ass boy you ugly as shit

Nigga Roman muted you in VC3 because you was e-sleeping with Loofy dumb ass boy and then Kevin Hart DM'ed you in afghanistan with a screwdriver in his ear asking if you wanted a coupon to McDonalds for a free Mc Flurry dumb ass boy you dumb as fuck nigga

Ass boy ya great great gandfather lives In Japan and he made a living by selling hair follicules to horny mexican school bus drivers on the dark web dumb ass nigga that's why you tried to sexually seduce iCarly before she was famous on top of the london bridge with a peeled banana in yo pocket dumb ass boy you stupid as fuck

Shut up nigga you and iron man made a duet piano song using a Nektar Midi Controller dumb ass boy and then spider man spit out all of his webs on yo momma bellybutton and put a fork in it and them took a bite and throw up on her toenails dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass boy that's why yo computer shuts down every night at 3 AM because the cats and the roaches be biting yo ethernet cords dumb ass boy and you got african kick boxers training yo step cousin how to ice-skate using a choo-choo train set in zimbabwe dumb ass boy

Nigga that's why you can't even clip yo toenails by yoself yo mom gotta cut yo shit with safety scissors and shape them up with obsidian abstract dumb ass nigga ya mother got 13 different kids from 8 different niggas dumb ass boy you stupid as fuck

Shut yo retarded ass up nigga you commit suicide by putting a picture frame around yo neck and hanging that bitch to a ceiling fan using an extendo clip to an AK-47 and an already used parachute my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

What boy you were born and raised in the ghetto nigga you gotta get a pot and take that bitch to yo bathroom and fill it up with water and take it back to the kitchen just to have some water to use when you wash the dishes you broke ass nigga fuck is yo dumb ass talkin bout boy you stupid as fuck

Nope nigga yo mother was on Channel 11 getting chased down by the Swat team because she was kidnapping kids by tracking they IP's through Poptropica servers bitch ass nigga you was surf boarding in yo bathroom and you wasnt even surfing in yo bath tub nigga you was surfing in yo sink dumb ass nigga

Nigga you went to sponge bob square pants house and that nigga tought you how to make a crabby patty without buns on but instead he used yo ass cheeks cuz you was gay asf and you wanted meat inside yo ass crack gay ass nigga

Stop talkin nigga Thanos and the Terminator teamed up and still couldn't beat you in a juggling competition and then they turned around and drop kicked yo knee caps cuz mustard fell fell on they eye-lashes because yo disabled ass momma tried to squirt mustard on her hot-dog and missed dumb ass nigga 

No boy that's why yo step sister gave birth to a Venus Fly Trap and she passed away instantly because the plant absorbed all of her fluid juices dumb ass boy that's why yo pet cat commited suicide by eating approximately 3.47 pounds of yo edibles that you left sitting on yo dorito bag dumb ass nigga 

Nigga you was on round 84 in a black ops 3 zombies match and you hit the box and a crawler came behind you and flicked yo left ankle and yo character fell to the ground and all you saw was the "wasted" text from GTA 5 dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

Shut up nigga Dr. Strange ran a train on your mother with all the S tier pokemon from Pokemon X and Y and when he got done he gave her a logitech keyboard to write a 10 page report of the experience on Google Documents dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

That's why you wasted 3 hours of yo life trynna learn egyptian hieroglyphics using google translator dumb ass nigga and when you found out it wasn't possible you shot up a coffe shop with a nail gun dumb ass boy you stupid as fuck

That's why you had a friend for 3 years on roblox that was a girl and when you asked her out on adopt me she reset and disconnected from the game dumb ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout that's why yo grandma is addicted to masturbating to sea weed water while she sips coffe with syrup in it nasty ass nigga

Shut up boy yo favorite beverage in the morning is irradicated chimpanzee elbow grease with pickle juice poured in it you nasty ass nigga that's why yo granddads only hobby is to beat world records on cool-math dumb ass nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga you went to the 5 guys restauraunt and got raped by 5 guys in tellitubby costumes with jigsaw pizzles stapled on they jawlines 

Nigga you commited suicide because you lost an arm wrestling match to an executive chef bitch ass nigga and you was so embarrassed that you looked up left down left left right them jumped up and down and activated a cheat code that made you invisible

Nigga all the legendary pokemon gang banged yo momma cuz she had a Ultra poke-ball boy and when they found out she wasn't a pokemon trainer they evolved

Nigga your mother was inside of a bouncy house boy, and she got 360 noskoped by a water balloon because she was in the vicinity of an ultimate water fight

Nigga what your mom was selling spaghetti flavoured meatballs in the walmart parking-lot and thought she was a genius


Nigga a venus fly trap bit yo ankle and a grape grew on yo nose approximately 3 seconds afterwards nigga you don't even use a jumpshot when you play basketball nigga all you do is throw that shit to the hoop like you throwing a fast ball 

Nigga ya dumb ass grandma stole a bisycle out of walmart just to go to the pay-out line boy because she couldn't afford 25 cents to use the electronic shopping carts nigga ur grandma broke as fuck she need a job at dairy queen boy go fill out her application for her cuz she handicapped nigga 

Nigga ya old ass grandma tripped over a trip wire and her stank ass dentures fell out her yuck ass mouth boy and she dialed 911 and all she saw was dora the explora just searching the area with a magnifying glass tryna spot them bitches dumb ass boy 

Nigga your great grandfather literally worked a nightshift job at freddy frazbear's pizzeria scared for his life boy because whenever he looked inside of the security cameras all he saw was 7 animetronics having an orgy on top of a birthday cake nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you literally have a rare disorder that makes you type faster whenever you're losing a TypeRacer match boy and whenever you get back in the lead your fingers just freeze because you surpassed your fingers physical joint limitations dumb ass boy what are you talking about

Nigga you lost your siblings to a game of freeze tag because when you tagged them you forgot to tell them to move again boy and they just stood there for 7 days straight and starved to death nigga ya family dumb as fuck boy what are you talking about

That was ass nigga your family literally hosts an anual game of connect 4 with a special rule that the first one to put a colored disc inside of the board wins nigga ya family dumb as fuck

What nigga you literally have a strange condition where yo nut sacks shribble up like dried up raisins whenever you eat a soggy french fry from McDonalds

Nigga you literally have a signiature move in competitive pac-man tournaments boy and all you do is move your joy stick up and down 4 times and your pac-man just turns into a Pac-woman boy you dumb as fuck stop talking to me

No boy you literally have a special ability to control the temperature of tap water just by making contact with yo uvula nigga you're weird as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you got hired to work with the teen titans just because you had the ultimate ability to not shed tears when you cut onions nigga and they use you to make special meals nigga your retarded as shit

Nigga what you literally grew an instant boner when you was walking around in an abandoned jungle because yo horny ass thought the branches on the trees looked like 

Horrible nigga that's why you and ya long lost puppy finally reunited with eachother for the first time in 6 years because you sold yo soul to the slender man dumb ass boy what are you talking about nigga 

Nigga huh you just mad because the niggas that constructed your house were idiots boy and they built a stair case in yo kitchen that went all the way through yo roof and into the clouds my nigga you dumb as shit you just mad cuz you aint got the stamina to climb that shit boy

What boy you literally don't even drink Lemon-aid anymore because you deadass thought it was gonna give you lemon flavoured aids nigga you're actually dumb as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you literally have a modded version of GTA 5 and whenever you get into arguments with citizens boy ya character just start using shadow clone jutsu without using any hand signs boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga your family got mad and disowned you because you instantly win Monopoly matches because your negotiating skills are just too great boy what are you talking about 

You literally got hired by NASA because you had a special disease that allowed you to breath in space boy and 2 years later you took a DNA test and when you looked at the feedback all you seen was you being 45.89% alien nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you literally co-own ya grandfathers fungus research group nigga and all you do is go in abandoned forests and bite on tree trunk dust boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin nigga

Your mom literally had a panic attack when she went to France because she thought bonjour was a secret terrorist code nigga ya mom dumb as fuck get her out of there boy

What boy for a whole 8 years of yo life boy you thought pine cones were called porcupines dumb ass boy what are you talkin about nigga your favorite animetronic in Five Nights At Freddy's is the purple guy because you thought he had the same mindset as you dumb ass nigga shut up boy

Nigga you literally co-own ya grandfathers fungus research group nigga and all you do is go in abandoned forests and bite on tree trunk dust boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin nigga

Your mom literally had a panic attack when she went to France because she thought bonjour was a secret terrorist code nigga ya mom dumb as fuck get her out of there boy

What boy for a whole 8 years of yo life boy you thought pine cones were called porcupines dumb ass boy what are you talkin about nigga your favorite animetronic in Five Nights At Freddy's is the purple guy because you thought he had the same mindset as you dumb ass nigga shut up boy

Nigga Drake literally hired you as the editor in his Hotline Bling music video boy because he thought your edits on VanossGamings deathrun videos were exquisit nigga fuck up talking to me you're retarded nigga

Nigga your fat ass grandma literally made a wish to the holy grail from fate/zero boy and her one and only wish was to summon a forbidden floppy sea spider nigga and when she seen that shit her heart rate jumped to 0 and she died boy you're ugly as shit stop talking to me

Nigga that's why yo laptops internal webcam drivers are corrupted and have viruses in them nigga and whenever you turn on yo camera in discord calls all you see is a McDonalds McGriddle wrapper with staples in it nigga you ugly as fuck

That was terrible nigga ya rich ass parents have a robot that automatically ties your shoes and that shit malfunctioned and went inside yo foot and tied yo bones together dumb ass nigga

Terrible boy yo dumb ass spent 300$ for a tattoo of an internet symbol on yo forehead and cursed that tattoo with a magic curse and you thought you was gon have cellular data on yo forehead like shit boy you dumb as fuck

That was ass nigga you literally went to McDonalds just to steal all the ketchup packets from behind the counter because ya mom got a strange addiction to the scent of ketch-up nigga ya mom weird as fuck stop talkin to me boy

That was ass boy you broke your mouse to your keyboard so you went into an abandoned forest and found a mice and took it home and killed it and froze it in a freezer and used it as a mouse to your PC and it had 800 DPI nigga you weird as fuck stop talking to me nigga

That was terrible my nigga your mom is the most known Los Vegas drug dealer in the city because she laces her weed with sea salt my nigga you dumb as fuck 

Terrible nigga your father was notorious back in 2004 because he was in the Guinesse world record for having the strongest pinkie finger my nigga he strong as shit

Now I'm finna bake yo ass boy you came out the womb with pure white hair boy because your mom dated a nigga with a strange adiction to mayonasse and he used to put that shit in her coochie and leave it in there for 3 days while she was pregnant with you nasty ass boy you stupid as shit

Terrible nigga you literally wrote a 10 paragraph essay to a tech support scammer just so he wouldn't expose your information to a doxxing website boy you ugly as fuck 

Ass boy you literally have the worlds slowest internet nigga you tried to download GTA 5 overnight and you slept for 9 hours and when you woke up the download progress was only 0.2% completed nigga i dont wanna hear any of that shit

What boy your mom is an olympic dare devil boy she unbuckled her seat belt on a roller coaster and did a cart wheel onto the tracks and tripped and fell right next to a concession stand and the first thing she did when she got up was order a bun-less hotdog boy ya mom dumb as fuck boy stop talking to me

Nigga your mom is an invasive cardiologist boy and when she was working on her patient she spit on his heart and stitched his chest back together and he woke up with a saliva fetish dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass your mom is notorious in south sudan for voice acting Perry the Platypus from Phineas and Ferb boy you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you got a bar code on the back of yo neck you dumb ass nigga and the cashiers in walmart be scanning that shit and charging 25$ for them to slap the back of yo neck like shit boy

Boy you probably spinning on yo head right now on yo carpet while juggling 3 cheeto crumbs on yo finger tips like shit boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga you was hitting the duggy for 10 minutes and you legs dont even hurt yet... you're immortal nigga 

Nigga you seen your mom for the first time in two months and all you did was show her a video of an empty cereal box for 5 minutes and she looked at you and smiled dumb ass boy 

You just mad because you sleep with your friend on a air mattress in his laundry room you fat ass boy stop talking to me nigga

Nigga you and your two best friends used your moms underwear as sling shot to shoot crab apples at Shaquille O'Neals Truck nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga your mom told you to purposely get your shoe sucked into an elevator so you could sue the mall boy ya mom deevious as shit boy 

What boy ya foreskin strong as shit boy you survived world war 2 back in 1987 by stretching yo foreskin around yo entire body cuz it was bullet proof dumb ass boy you dumb as fuck

Mhm your sister is known in East Alaska because she ended the Cold War with a hot air blow dryer she just turned that bitch on and aimed it at every soldier and they just turned civilized nigga you weird as fuck

Nigga you just mad cuz yo mother gave birth to you in a haunted house in six flags boy and she got scared and screamed so loud that you sling shotted out her coochie like shit fat ass boy

Nigga you got an erection inside of the hyperbolic time chamber and yo meat evolved into a screw driver and you cried and yo tears went through yo body like a bullet because the gravity was too strong dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad because yo retarded ass grandma put yo sharingan eye contacts in the toaster because she thought it was gon improve the quality of the lenses dumb ass nigga

Nigga your mom literally went to the zoo just to see what armadillo dick smelled like ya mom weird as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you just mad because yo weird ass father is the only nigga in the world to have an addiction to tricking underaged girls to lick his birth mark dumb ass nigga your father is a rapist nigga you dumb as fuck

Mhm your best friend Jacob stapled a ceiling fan on his neck so he wouldn't sweat during gaming that fat ass jaw breaker body built ass nigga is yo friend and your identical to him you ugly dumb ass nigga

You just mad cuz yo momma got tag teamed by Fanboy and Chumchum in a WWE championships match and they used the famous Double crucifix powerbomb combo on yo grandma in the audience dumb ass boy

Nigga you just mad because you had to put a gucci belt around yo socks because yo feet was small asf and couldn't fit the sock... small foot ass boy

That was horrible nigga you you can't even jump rope properly because you have no hand-eye coordination nigga you dumb as fuck

Terrible nigga you hired Ash ketchum to make Pikachu use thunder bolt on yo knee caps to make you run faster dumb ass boy you ugly as shit 

Nigga ya retarded ass grandma used a needle and yarn to try and make you a MCM Back pack out of Beluga whale skin dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

Mhm was that before or after your grandma went trick or treating and she got tricked... dumb ass boy what are you talking about nigga

Nigga you literally have LED lights around yo mirror in yo room and you use that shit as a Ring Light whenever you record videos for youtube you bum ass broke ass poor ass bitch 

Nigga you're a competitive bop-it player whenever the bop-it says "I'm going to sleep!" you get depressed and you start listening to 1980's hip hop radio beats  dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad cuz Ed Edd and Eddy jumped yo grandma at Wal-Mart on black friday because she was tryna steal they cucumber ball dumb ass boy 

That was terrible nigga you just mad because you have a crush on Widget from Wow Wow Wubbzy weird ass nigga whenever you see her on TV you kiss yo screen.. stank ass nigga

You just mad because yo grandma woke up from a coma thinking she was NBA Younger Boy dumb ass bo ya grandma stupid as fuck 

Nigga ya mom got dissociative personality disorder boy and whenever she gets in her feelings she just starting dancing on top of the fridgerator thinking she a stripper dumb ass boy

What nigga yo freak ass grandma wrote a love note to the cookie monster because she thought he could eat pussy dumb ass boy you and ya grandma dumb as fuck

You just mad because whenever ya mom drive you to school she be bopping her head to the Magic Schoolbus sound-track ugly ass nigga fuck wrong with you

Nigga your mom is a supernatural deep dungeon miner my nigga she can find cobblestone and ancient artifacts at ease boy you dumb as shit

Nigga you got creamated with an ancient necklace worn by Lady Ezdeath in a ritual that the tellitubies casted on you because they didn't like the size of your adams apple dumb ass nigga what are you talking about

Nigga your mom tilted her head to the right by 4 inches and dodged a Barrett M82 Sniper shot and she just walked away with piss running down her pants because she really didn't mean to do that shit boy you dumb as fuck

Your mom is an undiscovered species of spit you ugly ass boy that's why whenever she wash dishes her hand starts dissolving into the water like shit stop talking to me nigga

Whenever you vaccuum yo floor you get turned on because the only thing you can thing of is that the vaccuum cleaner is sucking up the floor you weird ass nigga stop talking to me

The only reason you where jackets is because you got eyes popping out yo arm because you're secretly Danzo from Naruto Shippuden my nigga you dumb as shit

You best friend had sex with hillary clinton when she was 19 years old and he was 14 and he posted it on his instagram account which hillary clintons mother followed and she got in trouble my nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad cuz whenever you want to go to your neighborhood basketball court you get bullied by everyone there because you always wear high heels when you play my nigga you gay as shit

Nigga your great great grandmother is an assistant manager in Chucky Cheese just because she wanted to steal the fabric used to make the chucky cheese costume she weird as fuck

Your grandpa is a sexually deprived middle aged sex slave that wandered out of Zimbabwe with a fresh hair cut because he got edged up by a wood pecker using it's beek dumb ass nigga stop talking to me 

Nigga your mom is the best garbage truck driver in the USA because shes used to smelling like shit all day because she lives under the london bridge in a oversized sewage pipe my nigga you dumb as shit

Your next door neighbor is a pedophile he snuck into your house yesterday and raped your mom and the very next morning he gave you a sinister smirk like shit stop talking to me

Nigga you checked your clock and it went from 9 am to 6 am because you're secretly the main character of re:zero my nigga you dumb as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga your grandma is evil he used to beat up ichigo because he got his powers dumb ass nigga and that's why yo teeth shaped like dinner plates my nigga you dumb as fuck

Stop talking to me nigga your father got plastic surgery on his bellybutton because he was insecure about his outie my nigga he ugly as shit 

Nigga your mother is a national profesional dare devil my nigga she jumped off of the london bridge with a baby in her hands and landed unharmed my nigga she weird as shit

Nigga ya step sister is a professional prostitute my nigga she maked niggas toes curl up just by touching they chakra points my nigga stop talking to me

Nigga you lost your older brother to a food fight in middle school because he said the lunch ladies spatula was dirty my nigga you dumb as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga your brother is a professional photographer my nigga he gets on his knees tilts his head to the right moves his ankle 3 inches left and the pictures comes out in 10-80p my nigga you dumb as shit

You used OBS studio just to screen-record yourself beating the roblox tower of hell obby and you failed on a lava jump trash ass nigga

Nigga ya mom put a clothe hangers around her her neck and hanged it in the closet as a weird way to commit suicide dumb ass nigga

Fuck no nigga yo mom got boxed up by 2-chains in the white house when she tried to apply to be the president of the US and donald trumps daughter threw a mouse trap at her and she died fuck is wrong with you nigga

Yo mom got crossed up by a sidestep on a MCM basketball court and she landed on a moldy subway sandwhich from amsterdams bathroom stall bitch ass nigga fuck is wrong with you

Yo mother has a strange adiction to doing her make-up with crayola crayons my nigga she walk out the bathroom lookin like wrinkles the clown ugly ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout

Yo mom taught you a secret technique passed down through generations and it was to run fortnite at 300 FPS by plugging yo ethernet cord straight inside of an electrical outlet dumb ass nigga fuck is u talkin bout

Yo older sister has a lemonade stand in her house and her only customers is her two kids Johnny and Steven and they both yo cousins ugly ass bitch fuck is you sayin

Nigga you the only nigga in the world that has the ability to use chop-sticks to drink soup my nigga fuck is you talkin about you perfectly balance the liquid on top of the chop stick and when you fail ya grandma smacks you on the back of yo neck with a spongebob action figure my nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad because yo barber was high one day and lined you up with a iPhone 5 screen protector stop talkin to me nigga fuck is wrong with you

Nigga yo cousin got reincarnated by a forbiden jutsu from Naruto and when she got reincarnated she had the sharingan on her toenails dumb ass boy she got deformed while being reincarnated how the fuck you do that shit ugly ass boy

Nigga you tongue kiss yo grandma belly button every night at 3:38 pm just so she can teach you how to be a professional bop-it player dumb ass boy stop talking to me nigga

You just mad cuz yo local dentist accidentally used a weed eater to trim to teeth nigga and you walked out that bitch lookin like Jeff The Killer you ugly bitch stop talking to me nigga

Fuck up nigga you sucker punched yo grandma because she didn't give you an extra jolly rancher after you cleaned her arm-pits for her dumb ass nigga stop talkin to me bitch

Nigga yo ex girl friend broke up with you because yo birth mark was on yo dick tip nigga she thought you was deformed you fuck face ass bitch stop talking to me

Fuck up nigga you wasted 2 years of your life mastering the art of scuba diving just to see the bakini bottom dumb ass nigga stop talking to me you stupid as fuck

What boy you just mad because you live in a world where twisting right on a bottle actually loosens it my nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga yo mom went on a mission to deep throat all 44 of the U.S.  presidents by using Susan and Mary tests time machine from Johnny Test dumb ass boy fuck is you sayin

Nigga yo dyke ass mom got plastic surgery to change her face into a ant eater so she could eat pussy better ugly ass bitch stop talking to me weird ass boy fuck is wrong with you

nigga yo mom is the fastest typer in the world boy she types with her hands upside down typing with her knuckles my nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga your mother is the best cook in the world she can turn dirt and rusty iron into a top tier resturaunt lasagna my nigga she weird as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga yo grandma is the worst picture taker in the world because her vision is terrible she was 2 inches away from a person and tried to take a picture of them and she accidentally took a picture of the sun, stupid ass boy fuck is u talking about

My nigga yo brother is the best dish washer in the world my nigga she washes dishes with her tongue she nasty as fuck

Nigga you the only nigga I know that can take shits and they internal organs come out my nigga now that's what I call a shitty condition stupid ass boy

Nigga you use shoe box paper as tissue when u wipe yo ass because you like the friction, weird ass nigga what are you talking about you just mad cuz yo bathroom sink malfunctions and turns into a black hole whenever you turn the fossit on, dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga yo ass was milly rocking in a new york city half price refridgerator because yo dick was musty and you thought the fridge would freeze the smell in place stupid ass boy

That's why yo momma got a slushy blender that actually turns slushies back into fruit boy that shit makes fruit go back in time nigga you ugly as shit

What boy me and my mom was in the supermarket shopping for chips on isle 7 boy and all we seen was you and ya grandma stealing 47 bags of cool ranch doritos boy fuck is wrong with you

What boy your grandma got hearing aids and works at a fast food resturaunt boy i asked for a Double quarter pounder cheese burger and she just gave me a blueberry flavoured slushie boy that shit was terrible 

What boy you just mad cuz yo stupid ass father got caught selling coke to 7 year olds at a get-together boy

What boy you got a dual wield mouse and keyboard just so you be a pro gamer boy you is terrible nigga

Nigga what ya mom got a 800,000 dollar carpet in her bathroom that absorbs dust particles my nigga and everytime you step on that shit you become jesus for 8 seconds ugly ass nigga fuck is wrong with you

What boy yo grandparents used to have hardcore BDSM anal sex in the trunk of they 1957 Volkwagen boy you is nasty as shit nigga

Shut up nigga you wasted 7 years of your life trying to master the ancient technique to dry your hands off with one piece of toilet paper my nigga you stupid as shit

Shut up nigga you just mad cuz yo fat ass got slapped upside yo head by yo mom and yo double chin transfused to yo neck you ugly bitch stop talking to me boy

Shut the fuck up nigga you kidnapped a 14 year old boy in Massachusettes boy just to steal his 745 Gigabytes of downloaded Teen TItans Go porn my nigga you nasty as shit

What boy your mom has dual wield TV remotes just so she can switch channels quickly when you come in her room unexpectedly boy you ugly as shit 

Nigga you wasted 300 dollars just to buy a fake MCM screwdriver off of amazon boy you was so mad when you opened the package and all you saw was bubble wrap and nothing else boy you ugly as shit

Nigga your mom has a MCM back-bone strapped gucci bra that make her titties turn into flint-stone nigga you ugly as shit 

Nigga your step dad was trapped inside of the lost and found storage in yo middle school P.Ee. class because he was tryna steal all the lost Physical education wardrobes nigga yo dad poor as fuck

Shut up nigga yo knee caps dont even bend forward they bend backwards because you have a severe case of type 2 Genu recurvatum
because yo grandma was getting gang banged when you was in her womb and the dick tips was hitting yo chakra points ugly ass boy

that was uncontrollably terrible my nigga you snuck into the pokemon universe just to get a sample of charizards tail flames boy, you ugly like fuck and when you got back to the lab that bitch exploded with a 47 mile radius my nigga and caused a global warming bitch ass nigga im on yo ass boy

Nigga you quit playing on yo toshiba laptop computer my nigga boy  because you bumped yo head on concrete and lost all yo muscle memory of every key on yo keyboard my nigga you stupid as fuck

Naw that shit was terrible you got sexually frustrated while playing Clicker Heroes boy because yo thumb went numb dumb ass nigga what are you talking about

What boy you filed a law suit against amazon because they sold you a Flatscreen TV with the power button in the middle of the screen my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

What boy yo mom fell asleep during her Americas got talent piano performance my nigga boy and she forgot the song she was gonna play and hit sustain and played the D3 key and accidentally started playing the Yu-Gi-Oh opening theme song my nigga you ugly as fuck

Shut the fuck up my nigga you got banned from a updated Wizard 101 server cuz you tried to inject Cheat Engine bitch ass nigga and as soon as you 

What boy ya grandma got assassinated by George Washington the 73rd cuz he caught her masturbating with a plastic fork that she used to eat creamy chicken ramen noodles my nigga she nasty as fuck stop talking to me

What boy? I looked in my peripheral vision and all I seem was ya grandma shakin ass to PrettyBoyFredo's OPP Pack Music Video my nigga you ugly like fuck stop talking to me

What boy? You was the impostor on among us and killed someone in front of a group of people and convinced them that it was just a suicide my nigga you genius as shit 

Nigga you made a A+ on yo Egyptian Hieroglyphics quizzlet test and yo teacher gave you a Magnesium atom as a reward bitch ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout

What boy yo knee caps smell like caucasion seaweed dick sauce with spinach and ketchup on that shit mixed with expired milk and black pepper ugly ass boy im finna cook the shit out yo ugly ass that's why yo back boneS is connected to yo front tooth because yo family sealed the 9 tailed fox chakra inside of yo elbows and it reconstructed yo exo-skeleton bitch ass nigga finna cook the shit out of you boy

What boy you got mad because you was tryna learn how to cook mac and cheese and you searched "How to make mac and cheese" on youtube and found a HowToBasic video and watched 3 minutes of it and ya house caught on fire because he told you to throw eggs at yo microwave and yo oven bitch ass stupid ass nigga fuck is wrong with you

What boy yo grandma made alligator flavored pop-sicles by fusing them bitches with dry cactus DNA ugly ass nigga fuck is wrong with yo ass boy 

Nah nigga that shit was actually terrible my nigga I was on tour with my niggas 3 months ago and caught yo ass moon walking on the calabasas tryna recreate blue face and DDG's new hit song called Moonwalking in the calabasas bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck



Nigga yo grandma got a old pair of dentures that teleport to random places in her house because she got a rare disease that makes her saliva switch deminsions nigga she weird as fuck

What boy your dad works at six flags and gets paid 93 cents a day just do spray the roller coaster tracks with clorox bleach every 347 minutes nigga you lame as shit

Nigga yo mom got a flat screen TV in her 3 story garage just so she can binge watch robot chicken while she clean out yo 4 month old mcdonalds mcgriddle bag my nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga yo step sister sold her ps4 remote control charger in exchange for a empty locos taco burrito shell because she has an addiction to using them bitches as napkins nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga yo grandma got a 3 inch tv in her closet thats dedicated to searching up videos on how to have drip by prettyboyfredo

Your doctor perscribed you a legendary set of dual wield tooth brushes because yo dirty ass got 56 different species of cavities in yo mouth my nigga you nasty as shit

What boy you survived a plane crash in south africa and as soon as you got out the plane you just took a 2 hour long shit behind a tree my nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga the chief executive leader of the Ku Klux Klan snuck into yo house my nigga just so he could put his big toe on yo lips then sneak back out my nigga you stupid as fuck

What boy you came out the womb swinging yo umbellical cord around like a cowboy rope throwin that shit at the doctors knee caps my nigga just so you could kidnap they doctors outfits because you thought that shit was stylish as fuck my nigga you ugly as shit

My nigga you got a special disease that makes you increase in height whenever you smell farts my nigga and Donald Trump found out about it and put you under solitary confinement to run tests on yo elbows my nigga you weird as shit

Stop talking nigga ya dad was the 5th president of the united states and he vetoed a bill that could've ended slavery boy your relatives are racist nigga

Nigga ya mom passed away at the cell games from Dragon Ball Z cuz a kamehameha blast scraped her forehead boy fuck is wrong with you

nope nope nope ya mom was famous in the hiden leaf village because she helped Hinata build up the courage to express her feelings towards naruto like shit boy you ugly as shit stop talkin to me 

Nigga yo step dad tripped and fell off the london bridge because a legendary pokemon was biting his Gucci shoe strings because they was unties because that nigga don't even know how to tie his shoe strings nigga fuck is wrong with ya family boy 

You the only nigga I know that thought Justin Bieber was an unknown species of bievers dumb ass boy stop talking to me nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga shut up your father is the second best uno player in the world he magically gets 18 draw 4 cards in a single match because he makes special ancient lucky prayers to the Giene from the arabian knights like shit boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga PewDiePie made a reaction video to you fingering yo booty hole with a 3d printed discord logo and he disliked the video and reported it to youtubes email dumb ass boyyou ugly as fuck


Nigga you just mad because yo step sister literally closed her left eye and opened it and it turned into an incomplete rinnegan that niggas ancestors from 3000 years ago was Itachi's uncle my nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga the number in yo discord tag stands for how many times you've gotten yo ass beat in Middle School my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you that one dude that slap boxes in High School and get mad whenever a nigga weave you left hook yo ass get to kicking niggas ugly ass boy

Fuck no boy you paid 800$ just to get the level 20 role dumb ass boy fuck is wrong with you

Yo fat ass grandma drink all the bacon grease out the pan as an appetizer before she eat breakfast fat ass bitch fuck is wrong with you

Fuck up nigga you perfectly place plastic cups in yo ear thinking you hearing the ocean dumb ass boy thought he had a sea shell nigga dumb as fuck 

Fuck up nigga yo momma masturbates with an oragami dildo she made out of copy paper my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me



Your jewish father stapled a cucumber to his ear because he wanted to try out for the Zimbabwe Nambya tribe my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga ya mom farted on the statue of liberaty and it instantly started molding my nigga you nasty as shit stop talking to me nigga

Nigga you just mad because yo number 2 pencil snapped during yo End Of Course assessments in yo 7th grade chemistryclass  like shit my nigga you dumb as shit

Nigga ya mom got kicked out of a top tier mc donalds resturant because she jumped over the counter and grabbed every ketch-up packet and stuffed it in her bullet proof MCM purse my nigga you dumb as shit 


Nigga I looked at yo grandma laptop and I went to her bookmarks and all I seen was a youtube video titled "How To Bookmark For Beginners" dumb ass bitch what are you talking about

Terrible nigga ya mom got a magic washing machine boy she put a empty gatorade bottle in it and it turned into a filled powerade bottle stupid ass weird ass nigga fix ya house 

You just mad cuz yo ex girlfriend left you when she found out she had more robux than you broke ass boy stop talking to me

Nigga ya grandmas daughter taught Michael jackson how to moon walk with sketchers on back in 1987 dumb ass nigg fuck is you saying to me nigga

Nigga your mom is dumb as fuck she an ancient believer that theirs eleventy-seven numbers in the alphabet stupid ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout

Nigga you literally are 100% prepared for a zombie apocolypse because you thought you was gon recreate the plants vs zombies game and grow 900 million plants and inject random super powers in each plant just to survive like shit nigga you're retarded as fuck

You're literally weird as fuck nigga you eat oreos by taking an oreo and cutting that shit in 4 pieces with a kitchen knife then tossing that bitch in yo mouth like it's some skittles like shit nigga you retarded as fuck

Nigga your mother was literally main actress in a winter roleplay survival adventure game cenctered around the colonization of Quebec boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin

Nigga your mom is literally known in the white house because she deep throated 7 of the U.S. presidents nigga ya mom is a federal thot fuck is you sayin nigga

You literally got kicked out of a London tea party because you was listening to rap music at the V.I.P. dinner tables nigga you dumb as fuck stop talking


Nigga Drake literally hired you as the editor in his Hotline Bling music video boy because he thought your edits on VanossGamings deathrun videos were exquisit nigga fuck up talking to me you're retarded nigga

Nigga your fat ass grandma literally made a wish to the holy grail from fate/zero boy and her one and only wish was to summon a forbidden floppy sea spider nigga and when she seen that shit her heart rate jumped to 0 and she died boy you're ugly as shit stop talking to me

Nigga that's why yo laptops internal webcam drivers are corrupted and have viruses in them nigga and whenever you turn on yo camera in discord calls all you see is a McDonalds McGriddle wrapper with staples in it nigga you ugly as fuck


Shut up nigga that's why you're best friends with Jimmidy Cricket because you made strange noises with him late at night 

Nigga you was on rediculousness because you did a back flip off of a swing set and yo neck landed on a porcupine and that shit scratched yo Thyroid then you threw up seasoned salt cuz you ate steak in the morning

Nigga you went to jacob sartoriouses concert just to steal his water bottle and use that shit when you get in the shower and you thought you was gon get tik tok famous

Nigga you paid approximately 125,224 dollars just to install cameras in yo eyes so you could take pictures of notes so you could cheat on tests and you still failed every class because the quality of the images were too low to read

Nigga all yo class mates call you and your best friend carl the king of the cafeteria because yall be eating yall lunches in approximately 2 bites boy

Shut up nigga your closet is an actual machine that turns niggas gay fuck is you talkin bout they walk in that bitch and walk out and then they dick turn into a vagina dumb ass nigga that's why yo ceiling made out of copy paper and that shit don't even last 2 days and yo parents pay 200 a month to get that shit fixed dumb ass boy

Nigga you was in yo front yard and a lady bug flew in yo left ear lobe and then out yo nose then in yo belly button then out yo ball sack and you turned into a Jaguar dumb ass nigga 

That's why yo dumb ass thought FPS stood for Future Pussy Stickers and yo dumb ass typed that exact phrase into the amazon website search bar and it redirected you to a porn website bitch ass nigga

Nigga you ordered a HyperX gaming headset from amazon and 2 weeks later you got a package on yo doorstep and you opened it up and the only thing you seen inside of it was a box of lunchables dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you tried to do a back flip for the first time off of yo sisters trampoline and you got so scared that yo life flashed before yo eyes and you landed on yo hairline and fell into sleep paralysis dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck and yo sleep paralysis demon is a microwave dumb ass fat ass bitch cuz all you think about is food fat ass boy

That was ass nigga ya great grandfather got killed in the Vietnam war because a enemy soldier 360 noscoped him and he gained 13,000 experience points and he got ranked to a grand master dumb ass nigga that's why yo jaw locks whenever you listen to the english variation of Descapito 2 with one ear bud in dumb ass nigga stop talking to me boy

Nigga that was ass boy that's why yo iPhone self destructs whenever you forget yo apple id password dumb ass boy fuck is wrong with you nigga that's why Wubbzy from Wow Wow Wubbzy tought you how to hoola hoop with a spatula while balancing on a basketball while being naked in a jzcuzzi dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

Nigga yo dumb ass had a science test and you studied algebra all night on accident and you failed the test dumb ass boy fuck is you saying nigga that's why stewie griffin gave you a hand job in the back of the magic schoolbus dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me boy

That was ass nigga you was taking a quiz in geometry class and you answered all the questions in egyptian hieroglyphics and you got expelled from school because the hieroglyphics on question 3 translated to the N word dumb ass boy you dumb as fuck

Shut yo bitch ass up nigga you tried to pack-a-punch a 10 dollar bill and you thought it was gonna turn into a 100 dollar bill you poor ass nigga you tried to put a fruit roll-up in a vending machine and another fruit rollup came out you dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

Uhuh nigga and you was robbing niggas houses in Florida tip toeinng to they bathroom because you had to pee and yo dumbasss flushed the toilet dumb ass boy

That was ass boy ya mother be making you sit in the corner with a water bucket on each hand whenever you get into an altercation in school over hot-wheels dumb ass boy that's why I caught yo retarded ass grandfather try-harding on a bop-it trying to show off infront of cancer patients in New-Zealand dumb ass boy 

That was ass boy you tried to fight Henry Danger why he was filming his next episode in Hollywood and he sued you for assault dumb ass boy that's why you lost a staring competition to a blind man dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

That was ass boy ya father invited me to a scribblio match at 6:30 in the morning and he sent uber-eats to my house and all I saw was 3 jolly ranchers sitting on my porch with a pokemon action figure holding them dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck



Shut up nigga you drunk kool-aid for the first time and 3 pimples grew on yo forehead boy and yo mother took you to the doctor and turns out you have a water allergy.. dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga your a evil mad genius nigga your bathroom controls the weather boy, whenever you turn on yo fossil it starts raining and whenever you flush yo toilet it starts storming dumb ass nigga you evil as fuck

Uhuh nigga that's why yo jaw weak as fuck boy, whenever you eat jolly ranchers yo jaw locks... dumb ass boy and you start crying cause of the pain then yo momma bitch slapped you cuz you was bein a bitch about it you bum ass nigga

You smell like chimpanzee knuckle juice... with banana peppers... dumb ass boy and ya mother got ran over and defeated by an angry lady bug.. dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

That was ass nigga you joined the Teen Titans team and they tested yo intellectual intelligence boy, and yo dumb ass got defeated by a calculator that only had add and subtract on it nigga you dumb as fuck

Ya mother has allergic reactions to venus fly trap bites boy, and whenever she try to walk up stairs time goes slower nigga you dumb as fuck 

Nigga first time you tried to have a lucid dream you fell into sleep paralysis boy, and yo sleep paralysis demon was a stapler nigga you dumb as fuck

You proposed to yo girl friend on poptropica and she left the game nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga your indian tech support scammer tracked yo IP boy, because he heard you take a piss using a satellite radio nigga you dumb as shit

Nigga bounty hunder D was struggling to capture you boy, because you was born in the hidden leaf village and you knew the shadow clone jutsu nigga you stupid as fuck

That was ass nigga that's why a 23 year old man reported you in roblox dungeon quest boy, because you was using synapse to automatically complete dungeons nigga you dumb as fuck

Nope nigga you beat someone in a 1v1 on fortnite and he sent you a ip logger and you clicked on it with a VPN that redirected your location to your neighbors house and next thing you know your neighbors house blew up boy ever since then you called yourself a murderer nigga u dumb as fuck

Nigga you can't even use the dark theme on youtube boy, because yo black ass fingers camouflauge with the screen nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you poured gasoline on skeleton and lit it on fire boy, and you thought you recreated the ghost rider nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you had a 50 person orgy with 49 random people that you found on roblox Adopt Me nigga you weird as fuck

That's why yo teacher stopped you from finishing yo pop quiz cuz you was answering all the questions in Egyptian hieroglyphics 


And that's why yo bus driver banned you from riding the bus for a whole month because you tossed a used condom at his left shoulder blade nigga

Nigga yo pet squirrel grew wings and full grown human legs and started walking inside yo kitchen and opened up the microwave and put a mexican burrito inside and 3 seconds later the PS3 homescreen music started playing out yo Bluetooth Stereo CD Boombox Radio player bitch ass nigga and thats why yo step moms GPS got hacked by the creators of Synapse X and they redirected her destination to the Bakini Bottom and she drove off a cliff and fell into the Atlantic Ocean and all you seen was 36 Mermaids playing tic tac toe on an abandoned island bitch ass nigga and that's why yo step mom got a strange house bitch ass nigga her house has no roof or no wals on that shit all you got is floors bitch ass nigga

 you have no furnature in yo house because your mother is a very experienced space conservationist bitch ass nigga and that's why whenever you eat hotfries at exactly 6:32 AM yo front door teleports into yo moms room and explodes and the only thing that comes out of the door is dried up ketchup and sewage water bitch ass nigga you ugly as shit nigga that's why yo mom was throwing it back for the assistant principle of the local Elementary School and he accidentally started moaning over the schools intercom and all the little kids thought someone was having a seizure bitch ass nigga 

that's why yo step mom is a professional colorbook colorer dumb ass nigga she has exactly 664,599 copies of the hello kitty coloring book and spends 21 hours a day completing them bitch ass nigga im finna flame the fuck out of you boy that's why yo laptop charger mounfunctions whenever you play roblox jail break because you accidentally installed a driver on yo laptop that was custom made by microsoft to spy on all of yo Bookmark history bitch ass nigga that's why the ice king from adventure time anal raped yo step mom because he wanted to disect her internal red blood cells bitch ass nigga and that's why you read the future in 60 years and all you seen was the world being destroyed bitch ass nigga and little did you know the world was being destroyed by DR. EggMan and little did you know my nigga that was yo step-cousin bitch ass nigga you ugly as shit 

and that's why yo dumb ass thought you was a air bender because you sneezed and it had the force of a Kamehameha bitch ass nigga thats why yo discord account got terminated because you accidentally sent a grabbify link to Snoop Dogg's weed dealer bitch ass nigga what are you saying nigga that's why you looked in yo peripheral vision and all you seen was that nigga Itachi Uchiha putting you in an Infinite Tsukyomi Genjutsu and while you were in the Genjutsu that nigga Sonic The Hedgehog and Knuckles hanged banged yo mom on top of an iron board in yo living room with pink L.E.D. lights on bitch ass nigga a tasmanian devil had sex with yo screw driver that you used to fix yo broken WiiU controller and when you found about what he did to it you snapped yo neck and didn't die because you accidentally did a cheat code to go into god mode because you was playing Dance Dance revolution bitch ass nigga you ugly like fuck 
nigga yo mom was extremely horny at 12 o'clock in the morning and grabbed a sheet of printer paper out her printer in her closet and made an oragami dildo bitch ass nigga and whenever she used it she got paper cuts on her coochie flaps dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck that's why yo grandma is retarded she played rock paper scissor for the first time and she picked rock and picked up the biggest rock she could find and launched that shit at yo forehead and knock you into sleep paralysis bitch ass nigga that's why yo yo science teacher gave you a quit on the periodic table and yo dumb ass thought it was a eating contest just because it had the word table in it bitch ass nigga yo mom looked at the map of the United states of america and pointed at 

Nigga yo mom was throwing it back for James Charles and she convinced that gay ass nigga to smack her ass bitch ass nigga that's why yo mom was on Canadians Got Talent because she knew how to say her ABC's backwards and in reverse bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck and that's why yo mom is a 3rd demensional superhero and yo superpower is sticky sweat bitch ass nigga that's why ariana grande anal raped yo step cousin yo mom got raped by Jariya Sensei from Naruto because she knew how to do the sexy lady jutsu bitch ass nigga

Yo mom practices lucid dreaming with Juice Wrld every day because she was a fan of him since 1942 back when saudi arabia wasn't a thing and that's whhy the only thing you got on christmas was a gift card and you opened the gift card and all you seen was a sticky note saying "FUck you!" bitch ass nigga

Nigga yo mom is the chief executive of the Ku Klux Klan and she knows how to seduce james charles and donald trump bitch ass nigga that's why yo grandma was the president of the arts and crafts club back in middle school because she knew how to draw the blue eyed dragon from yugioh

yo dad was at a hair salon, and they gave this nigga a bald fade on accident, cuz the barber was on bath salts bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck nigga and that's why yo dentist is a exorcist from blue exorcist, and that nigga started putting ancient spells on yo teeth, to make them shine brighter dumb ass nigga fuck is yo ass saying nigga yo grandma got bit by a venus fly trap, and her ass did the stop drop and roll dumb ass nigga she stupid as fuck nigga and that's why the remote to yo TV only got two buttons on that shit, and one of the buttons produce black pepper, and whenever you use that shit on food, that shit get to tastin like salt and vinegar chips bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck boy yo mom is a competitive eater, her ass ate 3 hamburgers and tapped out, her ribs was cracking, because her ass forgot to drink water before eating dumb ass nigga she stupid as fuck on god nigga and that's 

why yo step mom, that bitch is a golf player, her ass accidentally hit the golf-ball into outer space cuz her ass got hidden super saiyan strength bitch ass nigga fuck is you sayin nigga

 yo mom got into an altercation at lunch time in the high school cafateria, cuz the lunch lady winked at her sideways dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck boi 

you got a doll in yo house that helps you be a better ventriloquist little did you know that shit can actually talk on its own dumb ass nigga yo mom tried to play with it and 3 hours later her windows in her room started creakin dumb ass 

nigga yo ass went went in minecraft and went to the nether world and started doing the barrel roll infront of the ender dragon and that nigga started tap dancing with a boombox on his left wing dumb ass nigga yo ass tried to tap dance with him and he made yo PS3 explode bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck boy you got a truck in yo backyard, and whenever you go inside of the trunk yo ass get teleported to a tropical forest biome dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck boi yo ass played the exact same song, on two different devices, and when you heard it, yo ass fell into sleep paralysis dumb ass nigga and yo mom tried to wake you up, and her ass got posessed by satan, her ass was jumping up and down causing earth quakes cuz she fat as fuck and eat 5 Guys burgers all day dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying 

What nigga you wasted 5 years of your life cracking the code of a secret safe and you unlocked it and all you seen was the word supercalafredgalisticexpielladocious written in hieroglyphics on a sticky note dumb ass nigga yo ass live in porkbelly and yo dad got a atomic bomb on his truck, that shit exploded and a CD Radio boombox player teleported to the middle of yo driveway playing Despacito english version dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass started meditating to the song and you awakened the eternal mangekyou sharingan dumb ass nigga yo genius sisters made you eat salt and you transformed into a female, yo ass got beat up by that nigga Bling Bling boy from Johnny Test cuz you stole his Uranium and yo ass started running around town with a peanut butter tattoo on yo belly button and yo ass got chased down town by 543,669 squirrels cuz they wanted yo nuts gay ass nigga 

yo ass got diamond grills on yo teeth, and you used that shit to break out of prison dumb ass nigga yo ass started biting through the walls like shit dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying boi yo ass sung an ancient ritual from the 1400's and transformed into a fish-man and teleported to the middle of the pacific ocean, yo ass went on land and started break dancing, and suffocated to death dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga that nigga Bling Bling boy from Johnny Test sung you a bed time story because you lost all you memory, because yo sister injected you with poison and it turned you into a superhero dumb ass nigga yo ass can fart, and you start flyin bitch ass nigga yo ass can punch the air, and create cosmic waves that evaporate light rays from the sun dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying 

Nigga ya mom was tap dancing on top of the statue of liberty with a ps3 controller stapled to her left knee cap with a baby carrot glued to her uvula boy and whenever she gets mad she just takes her anger out on you and takes massive shits on your ps4 and make that shit overheat and explode fuck is wrong with you my nigga

my nigga what boy you was in the dragon ball z universe with epilepsy boy and as soon as you seen a kamehameha you just fell in a 87 year coma boy and you woke up with knee cap fragments in yo ankle my nigga you ugly as shit

 nigga shut up boy yo mom got assassinated by Desmond Miles from assassins creed because she took that nigga legendary dagger ugly ass boy finna flame the fuck out yo ass boy you got mad and committed suicide because yo pet pikachu evolved into a charizard accidentally because you fuzed it with a rubix cube ugly ass boy 

Yo mom ugly as fuck nigga she started grinning her teeth together, and a random subway sub sandwhich started levitating above her iron board, she grabbed that shit and she transformed into the armored titan from attack on titans bitch ass nigga, she got to stomping everywhere, and she killed 843,665,337 people dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo grandma got gang banged phinease and ferb, little did you know, they was holdind nerf guns in they hand shooting yo momma in her head while they was fucking her dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga 

yo pet cat is 11 years old and whenever it tries to pee, nothing comes out but ketchup water you nasty ass bitch that's why yo great great grandma got out of bed at 5 in the morning, walked in the garage, grabbed a screwdriver, and started tightening every screw in the house bitch ass nigga while she was in sleep paralysis dumb ass nigga yo mom scary as shit nigga that's why yo mom is the only person 0in the world that knows what Abraham Lincolns penis looks like because her long lost relatives saved a picture of it on a Swivel Bulk Thumb Acer Nitro 5 USB Flash Drive dumb ass nigga yo family weird as shit thats why yo mom was playing Poptropica, she injected cheat engine and got banned instantly nigga instantaniously banning that bitch nigga yo mom is in the guinese world records for beating 300 people in a 300 versus 1 tug-of-war match dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga 

I snatched yo momma weave out and made her chase it like a bull bitch ass nigga i smacked yo momma with a greasy cheese burger and she started levitating dumb ass nigga yo mom was on a trampoline and did a backflip and entered third person in real life bitch ass nigga yo mom was throwin it back for niggas to throw nickels at them poor ass nigga you ugly as fuck yo dad got bit by a venus fly trap and fell into sleep paralysis bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck dirty ass nigga 

you was on youtube and you searched "Can an African American temporarily obtain a slice of fried carbohydrates?" and yo FBI agent used instant transmission to yo living room and stole all yo light bulbs dumb ass nigga 

fuck is you saying you hideous ass iPhone 4 se screenprotector forehead ass nigga cmon now lotion bottle neck ass long foot ass itchy toenail having ass nigga im on yo ass nigga I went to yo momma house and went to the bathroom and opened up the mirror and saw 3 dildos and they all had sticky notes with names on them saying "Pussy Destroyer 1, 2 and 3" dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck I'll smack yo momma with a meat ball and she start breakdancing from the adrenaline rush bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying to me bitch ass nigga yo mom was in Highschool walking around the halls and she tripped and fell and busted her chest open bitch ass boy fuck is you saying nigga you ugly as fuck fat neck ass picture frame neck ass BiC lighter face ass acute triangle teeth shape ass nigga you spectacularly ugly as shit with yo Kapreson straw neck ass and speaking of kapreson straws, yo mom had a kapreson straw and put it in her booty hole and that fat bitch got tired because her left arm alone weigh 700 pounds fat ass bitch nigga fuck is you talking about you lame ass nigga yo father had a crush on Usain Bolt in 1944 while he was playing Saxiphone instrumentals in a doctors office flexing in front of all the patients with knee cap problems bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck

that nigga itachi uchiha put you in a infinite tsukyomi genjutsu and he made you hoolahoop for 600 hours dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck fuck is you saying little ass boy yo momma ate a cough drop and turned into beast boy bitch ass nigga yo mom got 360 noscoped by ninja in a fortnite pre-lobby and he banned you for stream sniping bitch ass nigga 

yo grandma took back shots by Michael Jackson in 1984 sideways bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck nigga got a pillow pet cuz he lonely at night lame ass fat neck ass cmon now fat ass alligator teeth having ass nigga you ugly as fuck yo mom was hittin splits on top of the statue of liberty in exchange for soda cans bitch ass nigga cuz she's an expect recyclist bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck nigga 

yo mom was tieing her shoe laces and accidentally tied her shoe lace to her pinkie toe and she started breaking all the Number 2 pencils tryna prove yo strength to the world bitch ass nigga

yo mom got epathermic displacia and it reverses her hand-eye coordination dumb ass nigga, she tried to pick up a subway sub sandwhich and she could not make contact with that shit she accidentally knocked it off the table, it fell on yo GUCCI shoe laces so you went into anafalactic shock and fell into sleep paralysis bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom is a grand priest in Egypt, and her spirit name is Bonquisha dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga 

you was the first person in the world, to hang-slide off of a cruise ship and yo ass landed in the ocean bitch ass nigga little did you know approximately 16 sharks was suurrounding you and yo ass seen the sharks and you created "How do iiiiiiiiii sayyyyyyy goodbyeeeeee" bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass is the colossal titan from Attack On Titan and that nigga Captain Levi one shot you and you started crying out yo soul and started meditating yo consciousness and transformed into Jesus Christ bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga

shut yo bitch ass up you ugly ass phineus and ferb body built ass nigga you just depressed because yo pet lobster died from a sandstorm in zimbabwe when he was tryna find his kids he left there 3,000 years ago ugly ass boy im on yo ass fr now ugly ass nigga

Shut the fuck up you nasty ass weak collar bone having ass nigga you broke yo wrist tryna shoot a basketball because you took yo trainers words to heart my nigga when he said "flick yo wrist" you flicked that shit to a 326 degree angle and that shit snapped in 7 different locations ugly ass boy fuck is wrong with you

Fuck no boy yo ugly ass green bana peel body built ass nigga yo grandfather sniped a enemy solider and gained 3 experience points because he got lucky asf he dint even mean to do tha tshit my nigga you ugly as fuck

yo mom was bussin it back for that nigga sandy cheeks because she was gon give her a TI-84 calculator if she did it so she could conquor the world dumb ass nigga yo mom created the letter O because she saw the moon and started meditating dumb ass nigga she fell into sleep paralysis, and her sleep paralysis demon was a water battle, with the top off bitch ass boi fuck is you saying nigga you are a legendary pokemon trainer you beat Ash's pikachu by staring at his tail, dumb ass nigga that's why yo Auntie know the secret art of Spinjitsu, her ass can jump up in the air, kill 800 niggas, and fall back to the ground in 0.0004 seconds nigga yo auntie scary as shit fuck is you saying that's why yo granddad got assassinated by a poisonous venus fly trap in south dekota on top of a Ice Cream truck while he was charging his chakra dumb ass nigga yo great grandma created basketball, because she picked up a rock, and threw it through the middle of a lifesaver bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck that's why yo granddad is an experienced agar.io player and he solotricked Donald Trump and gained 439,543 mass and started giving away all his mass to everyone in the game with a number in they name dumb ass nigga yo mom was on a airplane, and she banged her head against the glass, broke the window, jumped out, and landed on a trampoline and she bounced back up to the airplane, sat down, and pulled out a toolbox, and started fixing the airplane dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck, fuck is you saying nigga you are horrible nigga yo granddad is the best space conservationist in the world nigga he made 84 couches, fit inside of a bathroom dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga you retarded as fuck yo girlfriend is Sakura so she beats the shit out of you whenever you don't acknowledge her dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga you quit gaming, becuz that nigga YBN Nahmir, gave yo mom a cheeseburger, you saw that shit ain't have no meat on that shit, yo ass awakened yo sharingan and put that nigga into Sleep Paralysis, dumb ass nigga boy you ugly as fuck, yo grandma 360 noscoped Ninja and Tfue ina  fortnite prelobby match on accident, and he banned her account for allegid stream sniping bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom was twerking her ass on top of the london bridge, just so she could make niggas throw nickels at her, and when she saw the nickels ain't have Theodore Rosevelts face on it, she strated panicing, her ass realized she wasn't in the same Country no more dumb ass nigga you retarded as fuck, im on yo ass now nigga you own a gold fish and a alligator, and yo fish ate yo alligator and transformed into a BeyBlade dumb ass nigga because little did you know, that was nemo from finding nemo bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck, on yo ass for real nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom got a bottle of dioxyribo nucleic acid, sitting on the top of her chimney, and whenever it comes in contact with steam, it spawns satan dumb ass nigga, yo mom is a top tier architect, she created the london bridge dumb ass nigga

Ugly ass pineapple pinocio pinecone body built ass nigga yo mom took 13 viagra pills and started dry humping the light switch on her wall you stank ass bald ass degenerate fortnite playing ass nigga im on yo ass fr now bitch made ass boy

Shut up you bitch ass virgin 3 months ago yo mom got kidnapped by soul reapers and got evicerated in the soul society by Rukia Kuchki you fat ass pickle neck ass boy you just mad cuz yo headset falls off yo head cuz that shit was made for dwayne the rock johnson you ugly ass boy fuck is wrong with you

fuck up nigga yo grandma had sex with the engine of a motor byke back in new jersey

nigga what boy you been in void so long that you thought pakistan was the capitak of void just because it had pak in it you retarded ass reject nigga im on yo ass fr boy

nigga yo mom was throwing it back at a strip club for free and they gave her 3 pinnies and a nickel and she started throwin a tantrum and kissing every managers knee caps and you started throwing all the dinner plates


My nigga what boy you got arrested and sent to life in prison my nigga because the FBI because you gruesimly murdered a crocodile in a new zealand hallocaust commercial my nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga you literally was in a 1987 range rover sticking half way solved rubix cubes in yo belly button while drawing circles and x's on that shit like a tic tac toe board and when you lost to yourself you committed suicide because you just lost all dedication to life my nigga you ugly as shit

You came out yo momma pussy using yo umbelical cord as a legendary katana from poptropica and yo ass got 1 shotted by a needle, dumb ass boy fuck is u talkin bout

yo ass got a "LAUNCH" button on yo keyboard, and whenever you press that shit yo mom start running down the stairs with purple cast-iron booty shorts on and start washing all the dishes in the house weird ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass had a guitar, played a song for yo crush, and her boyfriend shot you in the head with a high pressure water gun dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying  boy yo ass was earing an egyptian trinket around yo neck yo school one day, and it started an alien apocolypse cuz that shit got long lost ancient hispanic testronomic DNA in that shit bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying boa yo baby brother had a wooden bat and started beating the shit out of you just to tell you that dinner was ready dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga you was in wal-mart crying because you couldn't find yo girl friend, little did you know she was on isle 13 giving blow-jobs to every nigga that bought her a pair of lip gloss dumb ass nigga 

Nigga yo step-mom one shot the floor 1 dungeon boss from Swort Art Online because her ass had a legendary weapon crafted out of S rated gobanzo tree trunk bark dumb ass boy fuck is you saying nigga yo ass was depressed one day because yo pet snail died yo ass tried to astral project and yo soul got stuck in a ceiling fan bitch ass boi you ugly as fuck boy yo mom was bussin it back for Ronald Mc Donald for a free McFlurry and he did not give that shit to her dumb ass boi yo ass is inconsistantly sideways and yo vision is tilted to the left side of yo brain cuz yo ass got a weird condition called "Optical Dislexic Trajectory Flouride Symptoms bitch ass boy fuck is you sayinn nigga yo mom got gang banked my Krillin, Yamcha, Picollo and Android 18 in super saiyan form dumb ass nigga and when they got done, they summoned shenron and wished for a bacon egg and cheese sandwhich dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga now I'm finna flame the shit out of you nigga timmy turner is yo secret Physical Science teacher yo ass passed the class with a 100% cuz he did all the homework for you dumb ass boi fuck is u sayin nigga yo mom works at Freddy Frasbaears Pizzaria from Five Nights at Freddy's, her ass had a heart attack cuz she did not see a animatronic, her ass seen Courage the Cowardly Dog, that nigga was milly rocking with a watch in his hand and yo mom got hypnotized by it bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom was inside the world of Attack on Titans, little did you know she was the Colossal Titan dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck boi yo great great step-grandma was bussin it back at a christian strip club where the only think you can shake is yo knee caps bitch ass boi fuck is u saying nigga yo ass made a Do It Yourself Fidget Spinner made out of Kunai Khifes and Ninja Shurikens bitch ass nigga yo ass tried to throw that shit, and it had no aim dumb ass nigga that shit landed in a bird nest and killed 3 baby penguins dumb ass boy fuck is u saying nigga

you used a senzu bean on Michael jacksons corpse and that nigga got up and started moonwalking with KameHameHa waves coming out of his diamond glove dumb ass nigga yo ass was on dance dance revolution 2 practicing yo high school prom dance skills bitch ass boy fuck is you saying nigga now im on yo shit nigga yo iphone 5 got a screenprotector on it that absorbs salt dumb ass nigga and you paid 400 dollars for that shit tahts why Shisui Uchiha put you in a Genjutsu that made yo 5 senses evaporate bitch ass nigga yo mom fell into sleep paralysis cuz yo ass got a Optical Illusion ceiling fan bitch ass nigga you get to turning that shit on and all you see is a black and red spiral dumb ass niga you stupid as fuck boy yo ass is a arabian knight spirit that died in 1432 because yo ass got speared in yo back by Theodore Rosevelt with a Golden Eagle dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass got a piggy bank in yo room thats soul bounded to only catching Nickels dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass still got a 3DS and the only game you got is Sonic Unleashed and yo ass is stuck on the first stage because 3 of yo buttons broke dumb ass nigga yo ass can only move up and down dumb ass boi fuck is u saying yo ass got 3 candles lit up in yo bathroom to do ancient christian japanese dragon ball z shenron chants to summon the Goddess of Bumblebees dumb ass boy fuck is you saying nigga

nigga yo mom was caught in a wild fire in a jungle, her ass transformed into the Colossal Titan to save herself dumb ass nigga yo mom is an ancient level 300 sewer dweller her ass get to killin all alligators for fun dumb ass boy fuck is you talkin but nigga yo ass got a microwave in yo kitchen, that makes yo food colder with yo ironic ass boy and whenever you use that shit yo food get frost bite dumb ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout yo great grandfather was bussin it back at the LGBTQ hideout with nothing but a ariana grande halloween outfit on nigga got to hittin all high notes tryna impersonate her so niggas could touch on his gay ass, ugly ass boy 

fuck is you talkin bout nigga yo granddad is that nigga Choji from Naruto fat ass boy yo ass get to throwing hand signs and turning into a giant dumb ass boi fuck is you talkin bout nigga yo internet cable is snapped in half cuz that nigga courage the cowardly dog be bitin yo shit at night time when you dont give him a fruit roll-up when he successfully pees in his potty bin dumb ass nigga you stupid like fuck boi

nigga yo mom created the loadout of the roblox website dumb ass nigga you dont even have a shower in yo house and you gotta take showers in yo washing machine in the laundry room bitch ass nigga yo ass dont even know how to throw a frizby 

Nah nigga you really smell like armadillo knee cap grease with ketchup and mustard on it and you put black pepper on it as a toping bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck boy and that's why yo keyboard loses keys whenever you play OSU Mania because you be tapping yo keyboard too hard

Nigga you answered A on every question of yo S.A.T. tests 

Yeah nigga and ya mom put you on punishment because you responded to her text in all caps with an exclamation mark at the end nigga

no boy you had a enchantment table in your backyard i walked out side and you had arthritis on your finger tips  you tryed 
to makle your left ankle  have fire proteccion and sharpnesss 5 boy
 no boy your great grandmother was in niagara falls boy she ment donzo and started bitting his left toe nail boy
 no boy you were at niagara falls building a popsicle just to throw it in the minecraft void 
 no boy you had a kunai in your left pocket you pulled it out bc you saw narout hanged from a vine then he got knocked on the top of the head with a  coconut  boy
 no boy your grandmother was in the  mist village and she ment donzo and she did a backflip and donzo got hypnotized and started bitting her left eye socket off boy
 no boy your the only person i know who has super sonic abilities were they could shoot pentagrams out of there nipples fat fuck ass nigga
. no boy i reached inside of your great grand mother booty hole cavities and i pulled out all 8 of the legendary Pokémons and i summed charizard on the spot and made her erase my Memory boyyy
. ass like fuck, you woke up and put on your ape stepper 2000's and then took a screen shot of your mom taking a shit with mario judah
. no boy your great grand mother be  hitting heads for no reason
. no boy your great grand mother can  porefessionally sallow toxic waste with no hesitation boyy
. no boy you get angrey every time bc your right ankle is transpaerent when you sleep it glows in the dark and lil uzi very got mad at you for that bc you coppied his style boyy
. no boy your the only person i know who dm'ed edp and told him move to mexico and change his name to earn those pesos boyyyy
. no boy you have spanish letter in your name that means transformer bc when you were 3 years old your great grand mother came in your room and started sexual  harassing you with her toe nail for no reason
. no boy you got mad at your great grand mother bc she deleted your ripcord so you hit her with a blade blade and she started dancing for no reason
. no boy thats why you have fl studio installed in your left ankle and every time you rub your nipples 5 times it gives you a new Yu-Gi-Oh card boyy
. no boy your great grand mother saying satanic rituals out of her left earlob for no reason
. no boy your great grand mother was shooting satanic pentagrams at the tips of her left earlop no reason boyy
. no boy your great grandmother was giving people arbic accients on accident
. no boy you be kick flipping toyota camry exhaust pipes for no reason boyyyyy
. no boy you be having beat boxxing battles underwater with a cookie in your booty hole boy
. no boy every march you be scuba dive but naked with a plug in your booty hole  and you be looking for cords to involve into a specical need fish boyy
. no boy your great grand mother got roachs playing soccer with your but checks  every friday
. no boy your great grandmother does  titanic spells for magic powers to where she could shoot laser beams out of here booty hole
. no boy your like jonny test with those long legs there built like totem poles boy jonny teleported to china town boy and he met a Olympic Long Jumper in a Brazilian kickboxing outfit
. no boy you be dapping your zoom teacher bc you dont want her to inject red blood cells in your pokemon server
. no boy you were enjected your red blood cells in a gareo server and you lost all your tools boy
. no boy you used joney test sisters secret antidote to turn you back to a human bc you got mad at him bc he transformed into a rabbet and hopped in your left pocket and stole 48228 dolars of  bungiee gum boyyyy
. no boy beat boy transformed into a rat and hopped in your left pocket and stole all your money you were saving to buy the new bungie gum and you got mad at him for that so you stole his red blood cells boy
. no boy your great grand mother was chassing a rat threw the tropical rain forest in china town and you got attacked by people with marshmello on there fingers tips  and they broke your left kneecap and you were crip walkng back to your cave boyy
. no boy your great grand mother is a  uchiha you she be summoning sprits and zombies to clip her toe nails with saftey scissors and then you came in and bet her left anlke and it went num so you called 911 for the recorver your earlop hairs boyy1. Your mother was in a temple on a   hill and all the lights started turning off but when she turned around she saw her sleep paralysis demon twerking
. no boy you ran out the store  into your school bus  and drove  right into a  lampost you called 445 for they cant tow your car boy and then man who was towing your car was your gym teacher boy he made you do 8221 jumping jacks  to make up the days you messed class to smoke in the bathroom stalls
. no boy a roach was securely teaching you how to speak spanish when you was in zoom class then the roach bit you in your left collar bone boy then it went num boy
. no boy you ate your great grandmother heart pills boy then your left ankle went num boy you had to call 333 for they can recover your red blood cells in your left collar bone
. no boy your dad ment donzo in the mist village he was bitting his left ankle boy with a kunai in his left pocket boy
. no boy your great grand mother had a 7.0 gpa for 16 years and you found out he was failing his gym class so you beat him up with your kneecap boy then he got arthits on his finger tips boy
. no boy you dropped the docmentary autobiography discombobulated  philosophicalthe dislcated  chronicals  gorila boy and he got hella mad bc he could not leak the newset playboi carti music boyy
. no boy you be leaking palyboi carti music off of a ipod touch boy your the best leaker 2021
. no like shit boy you have  discombobulated philosophical roach  with depression  and he was looking threw your window viciously and hypnotised your elbows to dislocate boy
. Staring you down viciously threw your window but he was secretly hypnotizing you so he could steal your elbows and put them on other parts of your body
. you have discombobulated dislocated  roach with depression and he got hella mad bc his uber eats did not get on time so he sliced his nipples off with a   Tony hawks premium pony slayer screw driver then tony hawk with a screwdriver on his left ear sucked on the blood out of him like a Vampire boy
. no boy you have a  astrophysics  discombobulated dislocated  monkey and he got hella mad bc he could not redeem his subway coupon so he sliced his nipples off with Tony hawks premium pony slayer screw driver then a bisexual ronin infiltrated your nightmares and stole all the red blood cells in your brain with the edge of his skittle dipped katana
. no boy you have a path a logical kangaroo and he got hella mad bc did not pass the nasa employe test so he sliced his limbs off then travis scott with a screwdriver on his left ear said want a free walmart cart
. your grandmamother  be spreading people indian accents on accident boy(edited)
. no boy your a soccer goalie with no hands and you be using telekinesis to move the ball in your hands
. a roach was looking throw your window viciously and secretly hypnotizing  to dislocate boy
. no boy you you have a path a logical geophysics monkey and he got hella mad bc he could not reedem his online target coupon so he dislocated his necaps then used telekinesis  to relocate them boy
. you have discombobulated dislocated  roach with depression and he got hella mad bc his uber eats did not get on time so he sliced his nipples off with a Fallen Ronin Samurai Sword then tony hawk with a screwdriver on his left ear sucked on the blood out of him like a Vampire boy(edited)
. you have a path a logical monkey and he  solved the covid 19 vaccine with dababy  on a 50 inch  samsung smart tv boy
 What boy A rabbit was looking threw your window viciously and hypnotist your elbows to fall off
 u got a discombobulated grandma who sells belly button hairs to Indian kids with autism
 U got a discombobulated eye that falls out every time u blink
 nigga what u got a balloon attached to your house and it started flying in the air like shit and then all the leafs on top of your house got a brain decease from the air pollution connected to your left knee cap boy
 Fuck boy u got a weird disfunctionality say that in front of your sentences I just made
 you have discombobulated tokyo drift monkey and he was playing the fortnite theme song and you you sliced his necap open with a fallen ronin samurai sword then the monkey was looking therw window and he dislocated your elbows boy
 you have a koala with autism so he tried drawing on ur 50 inch forehead explaining the paremetric theory
 yo fatass got depressed over loosing a clash of clan raid so u tried to hang urself with ur bedsheets
 shut ur dirty dumbass up yo grandma had a stroke and you leaned over and yelled GET LOUD GRANDMA CMON! dirty dyslexic monkey
 Yo fatass ate a rubber man toy and yelled at the top of ur lungs GUM GUM CANNON!
 you have a path a logical monkey and he got hella mad bc he could not redeem his coupon online so he tried to hang him self with a bikini bottom shirt boy
 marski got mad at you bc you were e sleeping with mourn so marski sliced mourns ear drums out with bleachs sword then tony hawk with a screwdriver on his left ear said want a free mcdonalds coupon boy
 you have a geopsychics monkey and he got hella mad bc his knecap got disslocated so he did a mortal kombat combos on his mother boy
 no boy your great grand mother is a  uchiha you she be summoning sprits and zombies to clip her toe nails with saftey scissors and then you came in and bet her left anlke and it went num so you called 911 for the recorver your earlop hairs boyy
. Boy that shut was unfunny as hell nigga ur grandmother is the thunder clapper nigga everytime she assclaps against her transgender skittle packets it makes the sound of thunder and lighting "KA BOOM" STUPID ASS NIGGA
 Nigga im finna get to the packing on you now son your name is horro fat neck ass nigga get yo "GOLDFISH THE SNACK THE SMILES BACK!" DUMBASS ASS
 yo ass is notoriously known for slapboxing squirrels outside of yo orthodontist office you weird ass nigga
 nigga you got scammed for a 50$ amazon gift card by a nigga named yao mein smelly nigga
 nigga i caught yo ass tryna beatbox a walrus you smelly nigga ill cook the shit outta yo ass
 nigga yo ass was known in elementary school for selling niggas robux at the lunch table fatass nigga

 yo ass play with an oujia board and thought yo ass was summoning demons

 yo ass was slapboxing a turtle named romeo cause he was swallowing raccoons for vbucks

 nigga i caught yo ass playing in the jungle gym tryna learn martial arts from a nigga named ratatouillie 

 nigga yo ass spent one night with master splinter and pulled up to your local mcdonalds playplace and tried to teach two 9 year olds the art of kung fu smelly ass nigga

 yo ass built like a fl studio carrot you smelly nigga you got cooked by a nigga named humphrey that nigga said you built like a japanese walnut

 nigga i caught u slapboxing a nigga name donitello for 20 vbucks like shit nigga you was a known school threat because you brought a baguette to school for bring your pet day smelly nigga

 nigga you was in the back of the school bus selling furry pussy for jars of mayonnaise you fatass nigga

 nigga you eat toothpicks on the daily yo fatass grandma got gum cancer because she was unimaginably unstable from eating 5 jars of straight pickle juice every friday nigga

 nigga you pulled up to yo local starbucks and started filming two gay niggas kissing i caught yo ass recording a school fight on a macbook nigga i caught yo momma deadlifting 5 turtles on a sunday afternoon

 nigga i caught yo ass eating sandy cheeks in the frozen food section of kroger you smelly ass nigga you walked outta that bitch not knowing you had a bora bora waters scented febreeze taped on the back of ya head

 nigga i swiped a himalayan salt lamp across the back of ya neck and yo dumbass said "credit or debit" in a untalented unimaginable robot voice you smelly ass nigga

 i caught yo ass sucking off franklin the turtle to get in the shoe section of goodwill yo nasty ass nigga you was unknowingly snapping your sister pictures of the krabby patty formula fatass nigga

 nigga i caught yo ass tryna break a minecraft endermans ankles to get a pack of goldfish nigga you got hit in the back of ya head with a bottle of windex then you unknowingly started whipping squidward with a led strip

i slapped yo momma upside the head at 2 am with a roll of papertowles that bitch got knocked unconcious boy she got amazingly astounded and was spiritually inclined with the phrase "for a great low rate you can get online go to the general and save some time"
you the only nigga i know that started packing mangos inside of ya suitcase when you was going on a family trip fatass nigga when u finally arrived at the airport you were astonished because mario was there ready to smack you upside thehead with a coopa troopa

boy yo ass got audibly articulated cause yo grandma hit you in the head with a supersonic laserbeam nigga yo ass beat yo meat with heavily marinated mayonaise

you the only nigga i know that looked up black salami and out of no where u saw a dick and start beating ya meat with chicken salad nigga i caught you pouring tofu juice on ya moms feet while she was asleep and when she woke up you know

what she did? she hit you in the back of the head with a expired cherry flavored capri sun

yo mom got mosquito repellant that she rub on her titties every morning hoping that she'll be blessed with a bottle of crunchy milk you the only nigga i know that walked up to yo teachers whiteboard and started headbutting that bitchwith a force that astonished every nigga in yo classroom


you the only nigga i know that pulls up to yo sisters softball games and starts hitting the ball with crutches yo crippled bitch yo ass is a professional spit boxer nigga you be spitting on yo mic for fun

yo ass is known for putting a silencer on a potato launcher and shooting up your local halloween store you fatass nigga thats why yo ugly ass grandmother tries tackling the statue of liberty for fun

nigga i caught yo ass stealing yo grandmas voice box so you could pull up to sesame street singing nba youngboy through that bitch you succesfully started big bird and you theoretically made elmo start having a seizure

nigga tell me why yo grandma got poison dart frogs mating in the back of her microwave that nasty bitch said it adds a little bit of seasoning 

nigga tell me why yo fatass uncle named jerry is well known for being a professional frisbee eater nasty ass nigga

nigga explain to me how i caught yo ass in the elementary school playground trying to T.P ant hills you bummy weird ass nigga

yo ass got two pieced by an interdimensional alien with 5 eyes and 6 arms you weak bitch you musty as shit gooseneck ass nigga you was meditating with a group of cockroaches like shit nigga 
nigga i caught you tryna run ones with a swahili skittle goat you weird ass nigga you got autistic dung beetles hitting the whipa nae nae on yo grandmothers eyebrows you smelly ass nigga

nigga i caught yo ass picking yo eyelashes off like they was some tulips you smelly ass nigga ill get to cooking on yo anorexic autistic ass


nigga tell me why u pulled up to yo school and a random nigga had a how it feels to chew 5 gum ad on his busted ass jbl speaker yo ass started licking yo teachers whiteboard like shit nigga

nigga yo ass was slapboxing dyslexic squirrels because they stole your snickers bar you fatass nigga you was sticking ya dick through a pencil sharpener you weird ass nigga

nigga yo ass got arrested for sticking a dildo on a mirror at your local dollar store you cute ass nigga i smacked the shit outta yo grandma with a croissant yo special ed xbox 360 built ass nigga

nigga you built like an algonquian spider monkey you anorexic ass nigga you got smacked in the back of the head with a creased air force one and started singing the national anthem you fatass nigga

nigga yo ass got sexually assualted by a minecraft spider jockey after yo momma slapped you upside the head with a beanbag

nigga i can hear yo chin clap everytime you walk you fatass nigga you be sweating hamburger grease under yo titties you oreo licking bitch

yo ass be whistling through the gap in yo teeth nigga yo teeth be throwing up gang signs repping the tooth fairy ugly ass nigga

shut yo "auto bots roll out" havin ass nigga yo ass was eating krabby patties at mcdonalds and got jumped by two renegade raiders you ugly ass niggas

nigga yo ass got smacked in the ankles by some cambodian sugar squirrels because yo ass dropped some lasagna in the amazon rain forest you nasty bitch

yo ass built like a pansexual bowl of ramen you cute ass nigga ill really gangbang yo ass outside of your local walgreens after i make you guzzle down 2 liters of cough syrup you nasty bitch

nigga yo grandma slapped you upside the head with a raccoon tail yo ass was stargazed and started singing lil tjay to George Floyds gravestone you dumbass nigga you nasty as shit

nigga yo ass built like a horny box of bob evans mac and cheese you nasty ass nigga yo ass built like some white syrup you weird ass nigga im on yo shit now

nigga yo ass got assualted by the silver surfer because he threw a cheez it at yo forehead you nasty ass nigga fuck outta here you seafood lobster built ass lean cuisine built ass nigga

nigga you pulled up to the bowling alley and started slapshut up boy i caught you boxing a chinese bear because he stole you fries you fatass oreo licking  ass nigga

you was selling raccoon tails on the side of the street you fatass nigga boy you the only nigga i know that play tick tack toe onn top of a turtle shell you ugly ass nigga

nigga yo ass is so stupid you got two pieced by sid the science kid because you forgot newtons laws of physics you ugly ass nigga

yo momma nipple built like an upside down retarded febreeze bottle bitch nigga yo mom back built like a skittles box ugly ass nigga

nigga ya mom got moth legs taped to her eyebrows you weird ass nigga you got one piece of hair sticking up like alfalfa you ugly ass nigga

nigga explain to me how at 2 am yo ass got smacked in the back of the head by an interdimensional lobster with 3 eyes you weird ass nigga

nigga tell me why yo ass was walking around sesame street and got bopped with an m4 water gun you ugly ass nigga thats why im on yo chrome nigga you built like a prarie dog with scoliosis you weird body bitch

nigga yo ass is well known for having daily rap battles with a box of oreos you weird ass nigga im on yo chrome now nigga yo ass got 360 no scoped by a tree branch because you had a pack of twinkies in yo anal cavity you weird ass nigga

niggaa tell me why yo ass ate a flinstone gummy and started beatboxing with cockroaches yo ass was hittin the quan on top of a piano while jimmy neutron was pouring soy sauce on yo titties weird ass nigga you weird as shit

nigga tell me why yo ass got reported by a salamander because you were beating your meat with conditioner you smelly ass nigga

nigga explain to me how yo ass was hitting a triple 540 backflip off of a sail boat and then started groaning because because woody woodpecker smacked you in the back of the head with a bottle of milk you uglyass nigga

nigga yo ass was getting molested by minnie mouse when all of a sudden you started tap dancing on top of a tomato because stewie griffin was threatening to smack you upside the head with a rubber duck you smelly ass nigga ill cook the shit outta you

nigga you was flying on a magical carpet with aladin when out of no where you got bopped in the head with a bottle of toothpaste you crusty ass nigga you was scanning marge simpsons hair with a metal detector to see if you could find anylumps of brocolli you weird ass nigga im on yo shit now boy

nigga i caught yo ass wearing a lamp shade you stole from Azkaban after harry potter made you turn into a warthog salamander cross breed you smelly ass nigga 

nigga tell me why goofy caught yo ass lacking in O block so he made you start headbutting soda cans yo nasty ass boy you was munching on some seasoned cricket legs you weird ass nigga

nigga tell me why when yo grandma bopped you in the head with a 22 guage shotgun yo ass started humming the pink panther theme song you weird ass nigga

tell me why yo ass was picking lint off of Mr. Magoo's head you ugly ass nigga yo ass is spiritually inclined with a alaskan snow crab lame ahh nigga stop playing nigga

nigga tell me why when yo ass was packing your lunch that consisted of raw bologna meat and ritz crackers you got jumped by an iranian cockroach and started juggling the minions from despicable me you ugly assnigga
nigga tell me why Jimmy Fallon from the today show smacked you upside the head with a bible because you was caught adding naughty to "sugar, spice, and everything nice" yo ass got the whole powerpuff girlsshow canceled you nasty ass nigga
boy yo ass is uncomedical as shit you was slapboxing an orangutang after he stole your bread and ice you weird ass nigga you really woke up on september 13th and witnessed Patrick Star slapping ya mom upside the head with a rolling pinyou fatass nigga
thats why yo nipples are built like four leave clovers thats why yo mom use to uppercut you in yo jaw she said "she a virgin.... its working"
is that before or after you was hanging out with oompa loompa who was having a jerk circle and smoking a pack with dwaye johnson than that nigga started swallowing his six pack you nasty bum bitch
aye i gotta question, didnt u used to get whoopins with thermometers thats why yo nickname is supa hot fire yo nasty ass
thats why yo mom uppercutted you she said "twinkle twinkle little star" boy yo ass got 3 nipples you ugly ass nigga
who are you talking to thats why yo ass used to guzzle down arabian bull frogs thats why yo mom is ronald mcdonalds second cousin yo nasty neck ass she related to pop smoke she walked outside wit a watergun "i got it on me"

nigga thats why i slapped yo ass upside the head with the nike logo "just do it" you dumbass nigga explain to me why yo ass is known for notoriously swallowing alaskan bull worms like shit nigga shut yo dumbass up you smelly ass nigga

nigga yo ass was tryna have salamander sex with a hamster named daquaveyon you fatass nigga i caught yo ass tryna pack a squirrel named humphrey then you got heavily articulated because jimmy neutron shot a

laser beam at yo forehead and yo ass started hitting the quan and singing the iranian dung beetle mating call you dumbass nigga

nigga you gonna explaain to me why i caught yo ass watching hentai on a gameboy nigga you weird as shit

nigga tell me why yo ass was on freaky eaters because you was addicted to eating barnacles nigga you dumb as hell boy on my momma im cooking the shit outta you

nigga yo ass got electric testicle hair you nasty ass nigga im on yo shit now boy you tried to slap box winnie the pooh with a spork you weird ass nigga shut yo bitch ass up

nigga yo ass was juggling Geforce graphic cards when you got transported to another dimension and mickey mouse was there to slap the shit outta you with a wand nigga you got so bedazzled you said "BOWOW" ugly ass nigga

nigga i caught yo ass selling rotten flesh from minecraft on the dark web you nasty ass nigga im on yo chrome nigga you built like a chinese acorn LOL

boy i caught yo ass tryna smoke a pack wit yogi bear that nigga smacked you upside the head wit a flinstone gummi and yo ass said "im the coochie man"

NIGGA YOU WAS RUNNING RUNS WITH MAUI WHEN HE SMACKED YOU UPSIDE THE HEAD WITH THE GOLF CLUB PICKAXE FROM FORTITE NIGGA SAID "BOP BOP BOP" UGLY ASS NIGGA STOP PLAYING NIGGA



fuck no nigga you be stealing bees honey and then got tackled down by bears "down set hut" ugly ass nigga you built like a bald headed ksi who plays basketball instead of soccer you built ass nigga

nigga ya momma be eating drywall boy that bitch pull up to bath and body works and start drinking the shampoo and conditioner and she started saying she got a hyperadrenaline rush boy she was 

repeating the redbull slogan "redbull give you wiiiiings"

nigga you played airsoft for the first time and started running into walls boy yo ass was l-l-l-l-l-l-lagging in the back like shit nigga you started hitting the electro shuffle on yo elbows nigga you had to file a restraining 

order on icarly because she kept throwing up the disney logo wit her fingers 

nigga yo momma bout asian as she she is a professional bat soup eater dumbass niggaa yo momma be rubbing her cooch wit dog meat and rice dumbass nigga yo grandma be collecting liscensce plates in her basements bitch say a joke

oh hell no my nigga you not funny ugly ass nigga you pulled up to the hood and started throwing up the naruto shadow clone jitsu and got beamed in the back of the head by a emo bitch monster energy gun fatass nigga

nigga i pulled yo ears you started singing curious george "i wanna turn the whole thing upside dowwn"

nigga you got swalled by the demogorgon then started eating african booty cheeks in the gta loading screen nigga you built like a beetle bug. i caught yo ass tryna eat a slimy slug 

nigga you be eating vinegar and fruitty pebbles for breakfast boy you be drinking battery acid because you thought it would make you be able to strike lightning you dumbass nigga

nigga you be taking notorious trips to the moon to eat sandy cheeks you dumbass nigga ill slap yo grandma in her kneecaps wit a danimals mini smoothie dumbass nigga

nigga you are a well known penny eater nigga you got metal posoning boy i caught yo ass playing uno on a turtle shell dumbass nigga

nigga you got slapped in the back of the head with a faze mousepad and started tweaking boy you made it on live news because you started singing nba yougboy dumbass nigga "chops out minimere blop blop"

nigga ill slap yo grandpa in the balls with a flyswatter and make that nigga have waffle shaped testicles ugly ass nigga you be doing social experiments where u lick niggas phone cases for phone

boy you built like peter griffin second boy you was in class picking yaa belly button lint when the faze clan sent you an email offering you to come to the faze house and lick their keycaps

boy you nasty as hell you be packing samsung smart fridges you nasty ass nigga you dumb as shit ya mom a random subway subsandwich that hacks into her iphone and starts tackling the line backers from plants vs zombies

boy yo mom back fat as shit she got dragon wings on her shit boy her back built like a candy cane boy shut yo nasty ass up nigga i bopped yo grandam in the back of the head with my school laptop and she started rick rolling every nigga in the family reunion 
"dum dumm dum dum dum dadada dum dum"
oh hell no boy thats why yo grandma got no kneecaps boy she be crip walking instead of walking boy her ass was on dancing with the stars and started doing the floss with her crutches boy she dirty as shit nigga her ass walk like a deoderant licking chicken boy "bawkbawkbawk" ugly ass
you the only nigga i know that believes with all his heart that hes a dinosaur from the cretaceuous period because you walk around with skittles taped to yo nipples boy you pulled up to mcdonalds and thought you was a professional anonymous hacker when you connected to their wifi you weird as shit
nigga yo hair is built like the dead seas sodium levels on a graph chart you dumbass nigga you is undeveloped as fuck you got 3 teeth 3 titties and 3 testicles you weird ass nigga oh hell on i caught you eating lasagna at the bikini bottom when mr. crabs jumped you for not eating a krabby patty
nigga you invented a new reptillian specie called the thornny devil you fat neck ass nigga ya neck built like a gatorade bottle cap you dumbass nigga you pull up to basketball practice in converses dumbass nigga 
nigga you suck orangutang toes for fun you weird neck ass nigga you built like a muslim iguana who eats sour patch kids for fun you dumbass nigga you built like a teriyaki samisaki warior you dubass nigga stop playing 
nigga you was auditioning as the narwhal from finding dory you dumbass nigga yo ass said "narwhals narwhals swimming in the ocean" dumbass nigga you was slapboxing a demonic elephant when he summomed a naruto shuriken that hit you in the head and made you become a rock punk emo band member nigga said
"i chime in with the havent you people ever heard of" dumbass nigga stop playing boy
nigga you built like michael jacksons vocal cords nigga you came back from the grave and pulled up to ya local mcdonalds and started "HEEE HEEing" dumbass nigga you got worms doing the moonwalk on yo eyebrows you dumbass nigga
nigga yo ass jerk off with lubricated fan dust you nasty ass nigga you be tryna have boxing matches with your bedbugs nigga your weird like shit
ya mom built like a mexican cartel drug dealer she be sellig elmo dope her ass said "eyyyy so la chuso ese so quero sa li moto" dumbass nigga yo head built like the ramen flavor packets nigga i caught you stealing boss baby diapers you weird ass nigga
boy i caught yo ass putting vaseline all over your body and slidig around your house trying to be a slug you weird as hell
nigga shut yo "i took a left swerve then i took a right yeah" looking ass up nigga you be eating out the desk lady from monsters inc    boy you weird as shit she said *raspy voice* "go faster" nasty ass boy
you shove dum dums up yo ass for fun you nasty neck ass nigga
you was signing the declaration of independance while evaporating in atarctica with polar bears yo ass is sponsered by crunchyroll
nigga shut yo "party rock is in the house tonight" ass up you was running over a group of preschoolers in a jeep wrangler dumbaass niga
i caught you applying for the gerber life afordable grow up plan for just pennies a day dumbass nigga 
bitch you nasty lookin sloth take yo dee dee from dexter laboratory nasty ass giraffe built hoe bald headed ass bitch lookin like sumo from clarence cough drop ponytail ass hoe and you built like peter griffin from family guy big fat hippo ass hoe you look like gumball dad from amazing world of gumball fat ass 
hoe looking like edna gap having ass hoe bitch you the fatass girl from alvin and the chipmunks talking about some “my precious” lookin like the donkey from shrek built ass green booger ass hoe lookin like penny wise with yo big ass forehead not even bitch you got a five head built like ursula from the little 
mermaid and lookin like yellow bird from elmo daffy duck lookin ass & lookin like the fat pig from chicKen little mojo mojo lookin ass wide face ass cross eyed hoe lookin like the bald guy from ed edd eddy lookin like doofenshmirtz from Phineas and ferb dorito head ass hoe pointy head ass bitch, bitch im not 
done take yo unparalleled truck skyscraper chowder fat built ass out here lookin like a disused vicky from fairy odd parents lookin like Arthur lookin like the girl from hey Arnold with the pig tails manly lookin ass hoe lookin like the fat girl from kids next door you built like anorexic winnie the poo yo 
windows 7 sign body built ass tell me why yo chin built like a 9 milimeter handgun obese body bitch i caught you lickin dorito crumbs off the homeless shelter floor dirty bitch you look like a booty scratching T-Rex Critacious period looking ass i caught yo momma swinging from tree to tree tarzan neckass boi
 
i caught yo dad banging egyptian pube cleaning scisscors together i bet you be chewing on 5 year old gum under the special ed desks take yo tree branch ole ostrich built ass outta here lookin like whole mf baldys basic out hea take dat nasty ass mf musty dusty crusty stick despicable me gruu havin ass body 
out of discord u trifling ass bitch 


You got a special disease called symtheticalism nigga that shit makes every red blood cell in yo body turn different shapes and sizes dumb ass nigga you failed yo 9th grade geometry quiz cuz you studied the wrong subject dumb ass nigga you was studying the water cycle for yo math quiz nigga i dont wanna hear any of that

nigga whenever you forget yo roblox password you have a panic attack and fall into sleep paralysis nigga yo mother walk in yo room with a sheet of paper with yo new password on it you get up and start playin Ninja Tycoon like nothing happened, bitch ass nigga like yo ass aint got a step cousin that lives in China-Town, that nigga be delivering you sampled Orange Chicken from a Rooster farm in Mexico to pay yo child-support bills nigga you jumped off the twin towers cuz yo ass aint have the money to pay that shit you stupid bitch mid 
you got mad and started beatin yo meat with Hi-C from McDonalds dumb ass nigga I don't wanna hear any of that shit you hideous ass nigga you ugly as shit nigga you look like that nigga Choji from Naruto Shippuden and yo father look like All Might From My Hero Academia and yo Mother look like Asuna from Sword Art Online dumb ass nigga yo father went to jail in 2019 cuz that nigga was sexually harassing a fruit-fly in his basement, yo mom tried to pay for that nigga Early Release that nigga didn't want to leave cuz the jail cafateria served PB&J's dumb ass nigga you was sitting on the electricution chair and flexed ya left pinkie toe and broke out of it nigga you was high on 17 acid tabs at 7 o'clock in the morning moon gazing and, you lost all touch of yo thumb nigga that shit went numb so yo ass couple text yo e-bitch back on iMessage you had to reply to her typing with yo index finger that shit took you 14 minutes just tap the send button dumb ass 

nigga you got a ancient hankerchiff in yo living room that summons Carribean spirits to yo laundry room whenever you sing "Marry Had A Little Lam" under yo christmas tree on sunday nigga you had to call the Ghost Busters to put duck tape around yo house and chant an ancient ritual that makes spirits have epilepsy dumb ass nigga yo ass was riding yo scooter through the driveway at Wendy's that nigga Donald Trump was the waitress that nigga shot the back of yo head with a water gun and gave you a wet-willie in yo dick hole gay ass nigga you got out yo scooter and summoned the legendary sword Excalibar and sliced that nigga neck off and turned yoself in for murder nigga you went to jail for 17 seconds and got released, that nigga Donald Trump raped the Judges step-daughter 7 years ago at a boot-camp in england territory dumb ass nigga you hideous as shit nigga yo incest ass family yo mom dont got a OnlyFans she got a OnlyFamily nigga she got a group chat with her relatives and she sends 17 nude attachments to make them feel good dumb ass nigga you ugly as shit nigga

fall yo ass was like "I'm blue dabadi dabadi, can't pay them bills so I shall die" yo ass fell straight into a pile of iPhone 7 screen protectors dumb ass nigga you ugly as shit and yo ass aint got no hair line 

nigga mad as fuck cuz you got a hairline on yo armpit hairs you nasty bitch yo ass had to use yo internal keyboard to type yo highschool English Language Arts essay cuz yo ass had an orgasms on you keyboard when you seen a, picture of cardi-B's leaked titty pic after you clicked the link in yo best friends status on discord yo virgin ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout you weak ass bitch made ass kangaroo neck ass cmon now gladiator chainsaw neck ass clastrophobic necklace wearing ass nigga yo step dad got a ancient katana named "Storm-Cutter" that shit soul bounded to cutting nothing but gold-fish crackers nigga you got out yo bed at 3 in the morning, 

what nigga you looked outside ya window and saw that nigga slenderman giving yo mom back-shots under a oak-tree bitch ass nigga you went out there with a shotgun and blew that nigga head off nigga thought he was safe but nope nigga that nigga slenderman grew a 87 foot long cock out of his neck and started teasing yo nipple follicules dumb ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout you weak ass nigga you learned 3 sword style from Zoro except yo ass used that technique and created the, 3 pencil style cuz yo ass came to school 47 minutes late for yo math quiz dumb ass nigga yo teacher grabbed the back of yo neck and broke all 3 of yo pencils and threw them in a blender and told you to drink it nigga you got up and jumped out the window and landed on the roof you defy gravity nigga cuz ya mother is darth vador dumb ass nigga i don't wanna hear any of that shit you weak ass lesbian ass kangaroo boxer build ass nigga cmon now lady-bug crushin ass mosquitto suckin ass VC Duckin ass nigga yo ass was outside riding a Rib-Stick tryna accelerate yo speed by twisted yo spine back and forth nigga you broke yo rib-cage dumb ass nigga ya step-dad came out the house and cut open yo stomach and put a band-aid on yo rib-cage and left you dead on the street nigga you was internal bleeding out of yo every major organ in yo body dumb ass 
nigga you weak as shit that's why you lost a arm wrestling match to Jacob Sartorious's music instructor nigga you got mad and started stealing all the clothes off his body and putting legendary rare pokemon cards in his underwear to make up for it nigga all the parapalegic suicide bombers in afghanistan found yo IP Address and raided yo local strip-club little did you know yo grandmother strips there dumb ass nigga you hideous as shit nigga yo mother is a World War II leutenant sargent for the Soviet Union nigga she used to have the most fun in the war-zone she was out there actually jumping in the air sniping nigga doing 360 noscopes like it was black ops 3 multiplayer dumb ass nigga yo mother scary as shit nigga yo ass got a gaming mouse that isn't used for gaming you kept that shit as a pet cuz you thought it was a mouse nigga yo mom caught yo ass feeding yo mouse and kicked you out of yo room, 

That was ass nigga you made a clone of yourself using a easythread digital mini 3D printer boy just so you could use him to complete the easteregg on the Moon map on Black Ops 3 Zombies nigga you ugly as shit

That's why yo ass got LED Lights in yo Toshiba Microwave boy and yo ass be barbecuing jello in that shit with sprinkles on top boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass nigga that's why whenever you lose a match of brawlhalla you sneeze in one of yo amazon basics kids storage organizer bins boy you nasty as fuck

Yup nigga and that's why yo Acer Aspire 5 Slim Laptop shuts down whenever you get the hick-ups boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin to me

That's was ass boy that's why yo 65 inch crystal UHD series samsung Smart TV malfunctions whenever someone steps on yo balcony boy you dumb as fuck stop talkin nigga

Yo nasty ass was having a burping competition with the Queen of hearts from Alice in Wonderland and Queen Amidala from Star Wars tried to sexually seduce you cuz she wanted to make an amateur porno with you nigga you weird as fuck


Nigga yo dumbass tried to kill yoself because you found out the earth was in space nigga you stupid as fuck boy that's why you're best friends with a spat out piece of gum because you believed it was the real life version of Kirby nigga you stupid as shit


Nigga your mother is the worst cook in the world she made a lasagna spaghetti flavoured cake for Gordon Ramsey and he bitch slapped her with a dirty spatula boy you ugly as fuck


Nigga whenever you get into void vc's you fake having an echo by repeating yoself 3 times after you say something nigga your now known as the dungeon packer boy you ugly as fuck


Nigga you got banned from the LGBTQ hideout because you said said the colors of the rainbow were ugly nigga you stupid as fuck boy 


Nope nigga you was on Daily Dose Of Internet because a group of angry padestrians caught you beat boxing with watery kool-aid and cheeto crumbs in yo mouth boy you talented as fuck nigga

Nigga after you scammed Denis Daily yo sisters Super Mario Maker 2 map got deleted because his fans were mad at you boy fuck is you sayin


What are you talking about nigga that's why you use 83 cups of sugar everytime you make a gallon of Kool-Aid nigga and whenever you drink one gulp of that shit you instantly get cavities boy fuck is you talkin bout


Nigga that's why yo great grandmother was parkouring nigga she had a pogo stick and started hopping from chimney to chimney like she was santa nigga fuck is you sayin


Aye nigga the first time you rode a skateboard you started twisting yo spine back and forth thinking you was accelerating nigga you dumb as shit 


Nigga you overdosed from adrenaline rushes nigga fuck is you sayin 


Nope nigga that's why you play tennis with a baseball bat because you thought it gave you a plus 15 strength attribute nigga fuck is you talkin bout


That wasn't funny nigga that's why yo long lost pet jaguar was found in west virginia eating rat soup in a pawn shop nigga you ugly as shit 


Nope nigga that's why you opened OBS studio and yo mom walked in and shut down yo computer because there was a grain of rice in the Potato chips nigga you ugly as shit


That's why all yo subscribers unsubbed from yo youtube channel the first time you did a face-cam because you was ugly as shit


Syke nigga yo dumb ass traded yo Samsung Galaxy Note10 for a Pillow Pet because you always lonely at night nigga fuck is you talkin bout


Shut up nigga yo bus driver got sick of you smoking ciggaretes at the back of the school-bus so he recorded you with a Black and White Vintage Camera and got you expelled from school nigga you dumb as shit


Nigga you got the most expensive skin on fortnite because Epic Games felt bad for you after yo hairline got pushed back 8 inches by a drunk barber nigga you ugly as shit


Nigga yo record in 2k20 is 3-6587 because yo teammates always leave when they see yo intro animations nigga you ugly as shit boy fuck is yo ass talkin bout


Yup and that's why yo ass can't play sports no more because you got bit by a venus fly trap nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga you so poor that you piss on yo floor and don't even clean it up boy yo ass be slippin and slidin up and down that shit making a DIY water slide for when you get bored nigga fuck is wrong with you boy


That's why you got signed by the Golden State Warriors boy yo ass played yo first game, airballed a free throw in the second quarter after you got fouled by Kawhi Lenard and you instantly got kicked off the team boy


Nigga you hack niggas AC's to make them freeze to death when they sleep boy you a genius nigga


Shut up nigga when yo grandma died they put you 50 feet under so yo dead body wouldn't fuck up the plants and crops nigga 


You that one nigga that be spam clicking the like button when a tutorial video actually works nigga fuck is you saying


Shut up nigga you hide water bottles in yo pockets to make yo hip size expand nigga fuck is wrong with yo ahh


Shut up nigga you put on a defense boost on 2k18 just to get yo ankles crossed by a nigga named "JamesCharlesFan454" boy fuck is u sayin


Shut up nigga curious george edged you up with a shoe lace boy that nigga was wrapping that shit around yo head forming yo line up nigga fuck is wrong with yo ahh


Nigga you swing glow sticks in the night role playing as a Jedi from Star Wars boy


Nope nigga that's why you be pushing yo glasses down to yo nose like them library owneres when they get asked a serious question nigga


Shut up nigga yo stupid ass got a tattoo on yo iPhone 5 se screen saver nigga fuck is wrong with you boy


Nope nigga I met your mother in a Sword Art Online Floor 3 Boss Raid nigga that bitch one shotted the boss with a rusty dagger nigga 


You the only nigga I know that lick they credit card before sliding it in a payment terminal boy ya card got a fat ass crack in it nigga you be licking that bitch back together like a blunt boy you ugly as shit


Shut up nigga you wasted 8 years of yo life in a jungle tryna find Legendary pokemon nigga


Shut up nigga you just mad cuz yo Direct TV cable box isn't directly connected to yo TV boy


Shut up nigga you feel burps form in yo throat and piss yo pants boy fuck is you saying


Nigga yo ass barely tipped over a Book in a library and the shelf opened up and revealed a secret base nigga yo ass is the real Bat-Man boy fuck is wrong with you


Yo ass was the most hated fire bender because you'd always bring flame throwers to cheat in Fire Training classes boy


Nigga you're a time traveler that created a synthetic mind control drone that you planted inside of hitler like a pumpkin seed boy fuck is yo ass talkin bout


Nope nigga that's why yo ass is directly associated with Grandpa Pig from Peppa Pig boy you nasty as shit


That's why you got halograms of dead people in yo bathroom because you like to remember yo long lost relatives when you take shits nigga


Shut up nigga you used to kidnap people in bouncy houses boy


That's why you eat alphabet soup to remember your sentences boy


That's why Flight Reacts put a instant replay in his video because you got yo ankles broken on offense nigga you dumb ass shit 


Shut up nigga that's why yo mother is a Crack addict nigga she be having spiritual conversations with google translator nigga you dumb as shit

you teach canadian stick bugs to play block ops 2 to help you complete the easter egg in nuke town you are a cyber bullying kangaroo jamaican warrior with dislexic toe nails and cheetah cells you probably smoke pixel dust and fake being high fuck is wrong with you you dont even use dry off towels to dry yourself off you just turn yo heater on and call it a day you bout dumb as shit you dont even use lights in yo house you just grab magnifying glasses and angle them perfectly to the sun and aim it to whatever you tryna look at on god you dumb as shit you dont even use pillows to sleep at night you use picture frames with plastic bags over them as pillows you poor as shit fuck is wrong with you you probably went on national TV just to tell the world he stole his moms chicken wings 13 years ago from Windys and you probably dont even drink water you drink that new thick ass water that make yo throat feel like sand paper you bout stupid as shit and yo momma played the game oblivion and got bitch slapped the 3rd NPC she interracted with for being below level 3 my nigga you dumb as shit you eat lollipops like you eating hot dogs you gay ass nigga you put chargers in yo ass hole to regain energy my nigga you dumb as shit on god you are and yo momma built like an air freshiner you bout stupid as shit nigga made a DIY Ben 10 Watch and started lookin like Godzilla nigga started lookin like R2D2 from Star Wars nigga look like Death from The Seventh Seal lookin like The Balloon from The Red Balloon nigga lookin like the Shark from Jaws nigga lookin like the monster from Frankenstein nigga you ugly as shit and yo hairline built like a 4 year olds drawing you bout ugly as shit on god you are nigga playing red light green light with autistic lady bugs on god you do you be snorting weed like its crack you bout stupid as shit on god you do you walk with yo ankles and you hand stand with yo left nipple hairs and you so cross eyed that when you cry yo tears run upwards you ironic ass nigga you defy the laws of gravity harder than Darth Vador does you stupid as shit on god you are you smell like ostrich booty and you bleed Sunny D might drink you nohomo doe on god i aint with that gay shit on god im not 

That's why yo ass got picked to be the murderer in Mad Murderer on roblox and you didn't kill anyone because you a Christian nigga you dumb as shit


What are you talking about nigga that's why yo ass loaded into a 2k19 park, checked the player list, and left the park because you saw 5 Legends in the server nigga fuck is you sayin

That's why yo ass got roasted by Leafyishere and you turned into a reptilian overlord and you planned a secret plaetary attack on the human race and got defeated by god and got sent to hell for your sins nigga you evil as fuck


Nope nigga you got jumped by everyone in RDCworld1 and then they hired you and paid you 3$ every video so you could get beat up every video for views boy yo ass got suicidal thoughts everyday listening yo Billie Eilish and XXX Tentacion with one ear-bud in yo ear cuz the other side busted boy you ugly as fuck


Nigga you tried to do a piano duet with Animenz on youtube and you couldn't even play the first 3 notes of marry had a little lam and he slammed his piano on you and you died on impact nigga you ugly as fuck


Nigga you was playing agario and got double splitted by a nigga named "TimmyTwoThumbs" boy you ugly as fuck

Yeah nigga that's why yo phone died in chemistry class boy and you tried to charge it with a professional 5-pin USB MIDI cable and it made yo phone get frost bite boy you dumb as fuck

Yup nigga and that's why you bought a digital alarm clock with wooden electronic LED time display just so you could wake up in case you have a nightmare nigga you dumb as fuck boy

That's why you had to buy a Clear point Elite 0.7millimeter mechanical pencil starter kit because yo best friend stole yo Number 2 pencil during the EOC exams boy you stupid as fuck

That was ass nigga you got a Wilson NFL Super Grip Football just sitting in yo garage boy cuz yo great grandfather played on the Washington Redskins back in the old days boy you ugly as fuck

Nope nigga you got a blue summer sky scented premium yankee candle sitting on yo night stand boy because the smell helps you have lucid dreams nigga you weird as fuck 

That was ass nigga you got a 13 foot long lava lamp just sitting in the middle of yo room boy and yo ass be using that shit as a stripper pole nigga fuck is you talkin bout nigga

That was ass boy you got a Enno Vatti Movies Scratch off Poster stapled to yo ceiling in yo room boy and yo ass be looking up at that shit before you go to bed so you can be inspired to do big things in life dumb ass boy fuck is you sayin

Shut up nigga yo poor ass got a HD Full Screen Welmax galaxy Note 9 screen protector on yo iPhone 4 se boy and whenever you try and play a mobile game yo fingers get cuts and scratches on it boy you dumb as fuck

Nigga you cat fish padestrians on poptropica boy 


That's why yo dumbass banned from the spice section in the grocery store cuz yo ass be snorting all the peppers to achieve euphoric feelings nigga


You lost a championship arm wrestling match to a fat mexican and he ate 3 tacos after the battle to regain his strength nigga


Nigga yo minecraft character is so strong that nigga be mining entire trees in one swing boy


That's why you perform break dances at family reunions nigga you nasty as shit


Nigg you was playing hide and go seek with yo imaginary friends and yo mother seen yo ass hiding and called you mentally insane nigga you weird as shit


That's why yo ass be perfectly timing fire crackers to go off at 6:30 to wake you up because you can't afford an alarm clock nigga


Nigga you use legendary swords to cut steak at fancy resturaunts nigga


Nigga yo little autistic ass be surf boarding in yo bath tub boy yo ass poor as shit nigga


You that one nigga that's too funny to go past the 5 feet section in yo local swimming pool nigga you scarry as shit

The only reason you dig in yo nose is because you actually believe that gold is in there boy


Boy you wasted 3 hours of your life trying to convince the Bubble Guppies that you attend their school boy


That's why you take showers with the water that falls off of houses after it stops raining you bum ass nigga


Yeah that's why you heat up yo food with your mothers car engine boy


That's why you went into a street fight hitting niggas with wet rags twisting and winding them bitches back like shit boy


Nigga the only reason you sky dive off of skyscrapers is for the adrenaline rush boy you don't even use parachutes the adrenaline rush make yo ass take 0 fall damage boy

Nigga yo ass got yo ass beat by that nigga daddy long neck from instagram nigga you weak as shit boy


That' why yo ass get stage fright whenever you present school projects to the rest of the class nigga you anti-social as shit nigga


thats why a wood pecker plicked all the hair off yo head left yo ass going to school bald as shit boy

Nope nigga you got colorful high quality assorted balloons just floating in yo shower boy because the gravity in yo bathroom is reversed nigga you dumb as fuck

No boy yo ass got a K11 Foldable stereo tangle-free headset just sitting in yo laundry room because you don't like hearing the clothes wrestle eachother in the dryer nigga you weird as fuck

Nope nigga you got 17 stacks of multipurpose printer paper sitting on top of yo TV just so you can make feedbacks of every tv show you watch boy you dumb as fuck

Nope you carry a Lasko Portable Electric 42 inch Tower Fan in yo left pocket just in case yo kidneys collaps from heat failure nigga you dumb as fuck

That was ass boy you got a leather padded adjustable office chair in yo bath tub just incase yo knee caps get tired when you take a shower boy you weak as fuck nigga

You tried to fuck a old navy mannequine and broke yo dick in half and tried to fuck two e-girls at the same time and got STD's in yo cab muscles boy what are u sayin boy

Uhuh nigga that's why ya mom got charmin ultra soft booty cheeks boy whenever i smack her ass it dont even make clap noizez nigga it just exfoliates nigga you dumb as shit


That's why yo dumb ass father cut yo mattress in half and turned it into a bunk bed for yo step couzins nigga and then yo cousins beat yo ass cuz you failed Chimestry class with a 37% 


Uhuh nigga ya mother is a level 10 warrior nigga and she trains zobies to clip her toe nails with safety sizzors boy you ugly as fuck


Thats why yo family host annual hot potato matches with highly explosive C4s and it landed on you and you died with yo left eye ball hangin out yo right knee kap and yo hairline tranzfused to yo eyelazhes nigga you ugly az fuck


What nigga you put orange juice in yo convertible sports car cuz you couldn't afford gas you broke bitch and yo parents work for a crayola crayon and sea food company nigga you dumb as shit


That's why yo girl friend was in the lofi hip hop radio live stream simping to anime weebz for robux nigga you dumb as shit


Mhm nigga i caught you in a boogie with da hooidie's Drowning music video playing the acoustic piano with yo pinkie toe tied to yo elbows nigga you dumb as shit


Nigga you challenged Kirito from sword art online to a sword fight battle and he slit your neck open and your nasty ass mother sucked all the blood out yo body like a fuckin vampire nigga you ugly as shit


You put bear traps in the shower in jail just in case you drop the soap so Big Dick Jamal don't try yo sexuality nigga you ugly as shit


You went inside the Transporter in Henry Danger because yo knee caps got stolen by Dr. EggMan my nigga you dumb as shit


Uhuh nigga you used to binge watch robot chicken at 1 in the morning waiting for yo bed sheets to dry because you still piss on yoself my nigga you weird as shit


Nigga ya shadow don't even fuck with you cuz it has to grow whenever yo fat ass decide to eat 5 big macs in 3 seconds nigga you fat as shit

That's why you bashed yo teeth out with a hammer and tried to sell yo teeth to the tooth fairy and she scammed you nigga


You get frostbites when you wake up cuz you sleep naked with yo fan on full power nigga 


You sneak into people houses just to steal they crayola crayons just to duo draw a rainbow with ya nephew nigga


You the best barber in the world boa you slap niggas necks before you give them gecko haircuts nigga


You a real life fortnite chararcter nigga when someone kills you everything you own just gon float above yo body and niggas gon come pick it up nigga


Yo mother grounded you because you put yo bed sheets around yo 50 inch 4K Roku TV nigga

Nigga you walked into a chinese resturant and the cashier politely asked you to change yo skin color boy

Ass nigga DenisDaily sent you a friend request on roblox and then he blocked you because you kept following him in his adopt me servers nigga you dumb as fuck

Yo dumb ass knew you had photosinsitive epilepsy so you flickered a flash light at yo left eye ball and you had a seizure on top of the key at a basketball court nigga they picked you up and threw you to the grass to continue they game cuz they didn't give a fuck about you nigga

Nigga you ran an olympic race and tripped over a nacho cheese doritos bag and split yo scalp open and yo brains splattered far enough to reach the finish line and you won the race nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga yo principal got emotional during a speach for all the freshmans boy, and he started loud micing the audience to get his point accross nigga 3/4th of the audience walked out that bitch with hearing loss and ear barotrauma symptoms boy you dumb as fuck

Nigga you was in a star wars roleplay game on roblox boy, and an administrator banned you because you was roleplaying as Darth Vadar with a Jedi outft on nigga you dumb as fuck

That was ass nigga ya father raised you in an arabian desert boy you made a living by training camals how to moon-walk nigga you stupid as fuck

Nigga ya mom was known back in 2018 because she was the best stripper in VRChat boy she used to give discounts for her lapdances to whoever had the most expensive VR headset nigga you stupid as fuck 

Nigga that's why yo grandma gave you a life lesson on alcohol abuse boy, because she caught you having a hangover inside of a bouncy house nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you tried to recreate the meatloaf from Johnny Test for a youtube video and got 674 dislikes because you made them watch all 2 hours of the cooking process nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you met H2ODelirious in a GTA 5 Online server and he gave you a free farrari because he felt bad that you died to a padestrian nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you was number 1 on the leaderboard in a agario server and got tricksplit by the TYT clan nigga you stupid as shit

No nigga you ran away from home yesterday evening and got chased around yo neighborhood by an armadillo boy you stupid as fuck

That was ass nigga ya great great grandfather starred as the main antagonist in the Michael myers movie in 1981 boy you dumb as fuck

Nigga you was cutting yo toe nails and you was on the last toe and yo clippers broke cuz yo toe nails got level 10 strength nigga


Uhuh nigga that's why you got pulled over by the police because the smell of cannabis was coming off yo tires nigga

Yo dumb ass got a gun for the first time and starting holdin that shit like you was death the kid from soul eater nigga be pulling the trigger with his pinkie finger boy you ugly as fuck

Leafy is here made a reaction video to you doing the ice bucket challenge and he called you a weirdo and when you seen the video you suffocated yoself with syrup nigga you dumb as fuck

Wanna know how to father died? That dumb ass nigga was an astronaunt and he forgot to put his space helmet on before stepping on the moon and he suffocated from a lack of oxygen nigga ya father dumb as fuck

Yo dumb ass shot up yo highschool because the lunch lady didn't put pepporoni's on yo pizza nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga yo dumb ass use a jumpshot when you  bowling nigga you stupid as fuck boy 

Nigga you put make-up on yo dick to make yo shit look like it got veins on it boy you ugly as fuck

Shut up nigga you got bullied in highschool boy, so you joined Dr. EggMan to try and eradicate the entire planet and then yo stupid ass got defeated by Ben 10, dumb ass boy

Uhuh and you was in canada and found a zimbabwe zebra dick.. with ketchup on it... and salt.. dumb ass boy and you licked it off because you got horny from it nigga you weird as fuck

That's why broly from dragon ball z hit you with an eraser cannon and called you trash... dumb ass nigga and then saitama hit you with a serious punch and yo front tooth came out and it cracked open as soon as it touched the ground dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

Uhuh and yo ugly ass smell like gorilla elbow juice... with mustard on it.. dumb ass boy and you went fishing in the Ishikari River in Japan and got assassinated by a nigga in a Orochimaru costume my nigga you dumb as fuck

You the first person in the world to kick down window shields in the suburbs on range rovers dumb ass boy you tilted yo head up down and then to the left and you entered 3rd person mode in real life dumb ass boy you solved a rubiks cube by flipping it upside down dumb ass boy you ugly as shit

Nigga Roman muted you in VC3 because you was e-sleeping with Loofy dumb ass boy and then Kevin Hart DM'ed you in afghanistan with a screwdriver in his ear asking if you wanted a coupon to McDonalds for a free Mc Flurry dumb ass boy you dumb as fuck nigga

Ass boy ya great great gandfather lives In Japan and he made a living by selling hair follicules to horny mexican school bus drivers on the dark web dumb ass nigga that's why you tried to sexually seduce iCarly before she was famous on top of the london bridge with a peeled banana in yo pocket dumb ass boy you stupid as fuck

Shut up nigga you and iron man made a duet piano song using a Nektar Midi Controller dumb ass boy and then spider man spit out all of his webs on yo momma bellybutton and put a fork in it and them took a bite and throw up on her toenails dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass boy that's why yo computer shuts down every night at 3 AM because the cats and the roaches be biting yo ethernet cords dumb ass boy and you got african kick boxers training yo step cousin how to ice-skate using a choo-choo train set in zimbabwe dumb ass boy

Nigga that's why you can't even clip yo toenails by yoself yo mom gotta cut yo shit with safety scissors and shape them up with obsidian abstract dumb ass nigga ya mother got 13 different kids from 8 different niggas dumb ass boy you stupid as fuck

Shut yo retarded ass up nigga you commit suicide by putting a picture frame around yo neck and hanging that bitch to a ceiling fan using an extendo clip to an AK-47 and an already used parachute my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

What boy you were born and raised in the ghetto nigga you gotta get a pot and take that bitch to yo bathroom and fill it up with water and take it back to the kitchen just to have some water to use when you wash the dishes you broke ass nigga fuck is yo dumb ass talkin bout boy you stupid as fuck

Nope nigga yo mother was on Channel 11 getting chased down by the Swat team because she was kidnapping kids by tracking they IP's through Poptropica servers bitch ass nigga you was surf boarding in yo bathroom and you wasnt even surfing in yo bath tub nigga you was surfing in yo sink dumb ass nigga

Nigga you went to sponge bob square pants house and that nigga tought you how to make a crabby patty without buns on but instead he used yo ass cheeks cuz you was gay asf and you wanted meat inside yo ass crack gay ass nigga

Stop talkin nigga Thanos and the Terminator teamed up and still couldn't beat you in a juggling competition and then they turned around and drop kicked yo knee caps cuz mustard fell fell on they eye-lashes because yo disabled ass momma tried to squirt mustard on her hot-dog and missed dumb ass nigga 

No boy that's why yo step sister gave birth to a Venus Fly Trap and she passed away instantly because the plant absorbed all of her fluid juices dumb ass boy that's why yo pet cat commited suicide by eating approximately 3.47 pounds of yo edibles that you left sitting on yo dorito bag dumb ass nigga 

Nigga you was on round 84 in a black ops 3 zombies match and you hit the box and a crawler came behind you and flicked yo left ankle and yo character fell to the ground and all you saw was the "wasted" text from GTA 5 dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

Shut up nigga Dr. Strange ran a train on your mother with all the S tier pokemon from Pokemon X and Y and when he got done he gave her a logitech keyboard to write a 10 page report of the experience on Google Documents dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

That's why you wasted 3 hours of yo life trynna learn egyptian hieroglyphics using google translator dumb ass nigga and when you found out it wasn't possible you shot up a coffe shop with a nail gun dumb ass boy you stupid as fuck

That's why you had a friend for 3 years on roblox that was a girl and when you asked her out on adopt me she reset and disconnected from the game dumb ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout that's why yo grandma is addicted to masturbating to sea weed water while she sips coffe with syrup in it nasty ass nigga

Shut up boy yo favorite beverage in the morning is irradicated chimpanzee elbow grease with pickle juice poured in it you nasty ass nigga that's why yo granddads only hobby is to beat world records on cool-math dumb ass nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga you went to the 5 guys restauraunt and got raped by 5 guys in tellitubby costumes with jigsaw pizzles stapled on they jawlines 

Nigga you commited suicide because you lost an arm wrestling match to an executive chef bitch ass nigga and you was so embarrassed that you looked up left down left left right them jumped up and down and activated a cheat code that made you invisible

Nigga all the legendary pokemon gang banged yo momma cuz she had a Ultra poke-ball boy and when they found out she wasn't a pokemon trainer they evolved

Nigga your mother was inside of a bouncy house boy, and she got 360 noskoped by a water balloon because she was in the vicinity of an ultimate water fight

Nigga what your mom was selling spaghetti flavoured meatballs in the walmart parking-lot and thought she was a genius


Nigga a venus fly trap bit yo ankle and a grape grew on yo nose approximately 3 seconds afterwards nigga you don't even use a jumpshot when you play basketball nigga all you do is throw that shit to the hoop like you throwing a fast ball 

Nigga ya dumb ass grandma stole a bisycle out of walmart just to go to the pay-out line boy because she couldn't afford 25 cents to use the electronic shopping carts nigga ur grandma broke as fuck she need a job at dairy queen boy go fill out her application for her cuz she handicapped nigga 

Nigga ya old ass grandma tripped over a trip wire and her stank ass dentures fell out her yuck ass mouth boy and she dialed 911 and all she saw was dora the explora just searching the area with a magnifying glass tryna spot them bitches dumb ass boy 

Nigga your great grandfather literally worked a nightshift job at freddy frazbear's pizzeria scared for his life boy because whenever he looked inside of the security cameras all he saw was 7 animetronics having an orgy on top of a birthday cake nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you literally have a rare disorder that makes you type faster whenever you're losing a TypeRacer match boy and whenever you get back in the lead your fingers just freeze because you surpassed your fingers physical joint limitations dumb ass boy what are you talking about

Nigga you lost your siblings to a game of freeze tag because when you tagged them you forgot to tell them to move again boy and they just stood there for 7 days straight and starved to death nigga ya family dumb as fuck boy what are you talking about

That was ass nigga your family literally hosts an anual game of connect 4 with a special rule that the first one to put a colored disc inside of the board wins nigga ya family dumb as fuck

What nigga you literally have a strange condition where yo nut sacks shribble up like dried up raisins whenever you eat a soggy french fry from McDonalds

Nigga you literally have a signiature move in competitive pac-man tournaments boy and all you do is move your joy stick up and down 4 times and your pac-man just turns into a Pac-woman boy you dumb as fuck stop talking to me

No boy you literally have a special ability to control the temperature of tap water just by making contact with yo uvula nigga you're weird as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you got hired to work with the teen titans just because you had the ultimate ability to not shed tears when you cut onions nigga and they use you to make special meals nigga your retarded as shit

Nigga what you literally grew an instant boner when you was walking around in an abandoned jungle because yo horny ass thought the branches on the trees looked like 

Horrible nigga that's why you and ya long lost puppy finally reunited with eachother for the first time in 6 years because you sold yo soul to the slender man dumb ass boy what are you talking about nigga 

Nigga huh you just mad because the niggas that constructed your house were idiots boy and they built a stair case in yo kitchen that went all the way through yo roof and into the clouds my nigga you dumb as shit you just mad cuz you aint got the stamina to climb that shit boy

What boy you literally don't even drink Lemon-aid anymore because you deadass thought it was gonna give you lemon flavoured aids nigga you're actually dumb as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you literally have a modded version of GTA 5 and whenever you get into arguments with citizens boy ya character just start using shadow clone jutsu without using any hand signs boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga your family got mad and disowned you because you instantly win Monopoly matches because your negotiating skills are just too great boy what are you talking about 

You literally got hired by NASA because you had a special disease that allowed you to breath in space boy and 2 years later you took a DNA test and when you looked at the feedback all you seen was you being 45.89% alien nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you literally co-own ya grandfathers fungus research group nigga and all you do is go in abandoned forests and bite on tree trunk dust boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin nigga

Your mom literally had a panic attack when she went to France because she thought bonjour was a secret terrorist code nigga ya mom dumb as fuck get her out of there boy

What boy for a whole 8 years of yo life boy you thought pine cones were called porcupines dumb ass boy what are you talkin about nigga your favorite animetronic in Five Nights At Freddy's is the purple guy because you thought he had the same mindset as you dumb ass nigga shut up boy

Nigga you literally co-own ya grandfathers fungus research group nigga and all you do is go in abandoned forests and bite on tree trunk dust boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin nigga

Your mom literally had a panic attack when she went to France because she thought bonjour was a secret terrorist code nigga ya mom dumb as fuck get her out of there boy

What boy for a whole 8 years of yo life boy you thought pine cones were called porcupines dumb ass boy what are you talkin about nigga your favorite animetronic in Five Nights At Freddy's is the purple guy because you thought he had the same mindset as you dumb ass nigga shut up boy

Nigga Drake literally hired you as the editor in his Hotline Bling music video boy because he thought your edits on VanossGamings deathrun videos were exquisit nigga fuck up talking to me you're retarded nigga

Nigga your fat ass grandma literally made a wish to the holy grail from fate/zero boy and her one and only wish was to summon a forbidden floppy sea spider nigga and when she seen that shit her heart rate jumped to 0 and she died boy you're ugly as shit stop talking to me

Nigga that's why yo laptops internal webcam drivers are corrupted and have viruses in them nigga and whenever you turn on yo camera in discord calls all you see is a McDonalds McGriddle wrapper with staples in it nigga you ugly as fuck

That was terrible nigga ya rich ass parents have a robot that automatically ties your shoes and that shit malfunctioned and went inside yo foot and tied yo bones together dumb ass nigga

Terrible boy yo dumb ass spent 300$ for a tattoo of an internet symbol on yo forehead and cursed that tattoo with a magic curse and you thought you was gon have cellular data on yo forehead like shit boy you dumb as fuck

That was ass nigga you literally went to McDonalds just to steal all the ketchup packets from behind the counter because ya mom got a strange addiction to the scent of ketch-up nigga ya mom weird as fuck stop talkin to me boy

That was ass boy you broke your mouse to your keyboard so you went into an abandoned forest and found a mice and took it home and killed it and froze it in a freezer and used it as a mouse to your PC and it had 800 DPI nigga you weird as fuck stop talking to me nigga

That was terrible my nigga your mom is the most known Los Vegas drug dealer in the city because she laces her weed with sea salt my nigga you dumb as fuck 

Terrible nigga your father was notorious back in 2004 because he was in the Guinesse world record for having the strongest pinkie finger my nigga he strong as shit

Now I'm finna bake yo ass boy you came out the womb with pure white hair boy because your mom dated a nigga with a strange adiction to mayonasse and he used to put that shit in her coochie and leave it in there for 3 days while she was pregnant with you nasty ass boy you stupid as shit

Terrible nigga you literally wrote a 10 paragraph essay to a tech support scammer just so he wouldn't expose your information to a doxxing website boy you ugly as fuck 

Ass boy you literally have the worlds slowest internet nigga you tried to download GTA 5 overnight and you slept for 9 hours and when you woke up the download progress was only 0.2% completed nigga i dont wanna hear any of that shit

What boy your mom is an olympic dare devil boy she unbuckled her seat belt on a roller coaster and did a cart wheel onto the tracks and tripped and fell right next to a concession stand and the first thing she did when she got up was order a bun-less hotdog boy ya mom dumb as fuck boy stop talking to me

Nigga your mom is an invasive cardiologist boy and when she was working on her patient she spit on his heart and stitched his chest back together and he woke up with a saliva fetish dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass your mom is notorious in south sudan for voice acting Perry the Platypus from Phineas and Ferb boy you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you got a bar code on the back of yo neck you dumb ass nigga and the cashiers in walmart be scanning that shit and charging 25$ for them to slap the back of yo neck like shit boy

Boy you probably spinning on yo head right now on yo carpet while juggling 3 cheeto crumbs on yo finger tips like shit boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga you was hitting the duggy for 10 minutes and you legs dont even hurt yet... you're immortal nigga 

Nigga you seen your mom for the first time in two months and all you did was show her a video of an empty cereal box for 5 minutes and she looked at you and smiled dumb ass boy 

You just mad because you sleep with your friend on a air mattress in his laundry room you fat ass boy stop talking to me nigga

Nigga you and your two best friends used your moms underwear as sling shot to shoot crab apples at Shaquille O'Neals Truck nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga your mom told you to purposely get your shoe sucked into an elevator so you could sue the mall boy ya mom deevious as shit boy 

What boy ya foreskin strong as shit boy you survived world war 2 back in 1987 by stretching yo foreskin around yo entire body cuz it was bullet proof dumb ass boy you dumb as fuck

Mhm your sister is known in East Alaska because she ended the Cold War with a hot air blow dryer she just turned that bitch on and aimed it at every soldier and they just turned civilized nigga you weird as fuck

Nigga you just mad cuz yo mother gave birth to you in a haunted house in six flags boy and she got scared and screamed so loud that you sling shotted out her coochie like shit fat ass boy

Nigga you got an erection inside of the hyperbolic time chamber and yo meat evolved into a screw driver and you cried and yo tears went through yo body like a bullet because the gravity was too strong dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad because yo retarded ass grandma put yo sharingan eye contacts in the toaster because she thought it was gon improve the quality of the lenses dumb ass nigga

Nigga your mom literally went to the zoo just to see what armadillo dick smelled like ya mom weird as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you just mad because yo weird ass father is the only nigga in the world to have an addiction to tricking underaged girls to lick his birth mark dumb ass nigga your father is a rapist nigga you dumb as fuck

Mhm your best friend Jacob stapled a ceiling fan on his neck so he wouldn't sweat during gaming that fat ass jaw breaker body built ass nigga is yo friend and your identical to him you ugly dumb ass nigga

You just mad cuz yo momma got tag teamed by Fanboy and Chumchum in a WWE championships match and they used the famous Double crucifix powerbomb combo on yo grandma in the audience dumb ass boy

Nigga you just mad because you had to put a gucci belt around yo socks because yo feet was small asf and couldn't fit the sock... small foot ass boy

That was horrible nigga you you can't even jump rope properly because you have no hand-eye coordination nigga you dumb as fuck

Terrible nigga you hired Ash ketchum to make Pikachu use thunder bolt on yo knee caps to make you run faster dumb ass boy you ugly as shit 

Nigga ya retarded ass grandma used a needle and yarn to try and make you a MCM Back pack out of Beluga whale skin dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

Mhm was that before or after your grandma went trick or treating and she got tricked... dumb ass boy what are you talking about nigga

Nigga you literally have LED lights around yo mirror in yo room and you use that shit as a Ring Light whenever you record videos for youtube you bum ass broke ass poor ass bitch 

Nigga you're a competitive bop-it player whenever the bop-it says "I'm going to sleep!" you get depressed and you start listening to 1980's hip hop radio beats  dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad cuz Ed Edd and Eddy jumped yo grandma at Wal-Mart on black friday because she was tryna steal they cucumber ball dumb ass boy 

That was terrible nigga you just mad because you have a crush on Widget from Wow Wow Wubbzy weird ass nigga whenever you see her on TV you kiss yo screen.. stank ass nigga

You just mad because yo grandma woke up from a coma thinking she was NBA Younger Boy dumb ass bo ya grandma stupid as fuck 

Nigga ya mom got dissociative personality disorder boy and whenever she gets in her feelings she just starting dancing on top of the fridgerator thinking she a stripper dumb ass boy

What nigga yo freak ass grandma wrote a love note to the cookie monster because she thought he could eat pussy dumb ass boy you and ya grandma dumb as fuck

You just mad because whenever ya mom drive you to school she be bopping her head to the Magic Schoolbus sound-track ugly ass nigga fuck wrong with you

Nigga your mom is a supernatural deep dungeon miner my nigga she can find cobblestone and ancient artifacts at ease boy you dumb as shit

Nigga you got creamated with an ancient necklace worn by Lady Ezdeath in a ritual that the tellitubies casted on you because they didn't like the size of your adams apple dumb ass nigga what are you talking about

Nigga your mom tilted her head to the right by 4 inches and dodged a Barrett M82 Sniper shot and she just walked away with piss running down her pants because she really didn't mean to do that shit boy you dumb as fuck

Your mom is an undiscovered species of spit you ugly ass boy that's why whenever she wash dishes her hand starts dissolving into the water like shit stop talking to me nigga

Whenever you vaccuum yo floor you get turned on because the only thing you can thing of is that the vaccuum cleaner is sucking up the floor you weird ass nigga stop talking to me

The only reason you where jackets is because you got eyes popping out yo arm because you're secretly Danzo from Naruto Shippuden my nigga you dumb as shit

You best friend had sex with hillary clinton when she was 19 years old and he was 14 and he posted it on his instagram account which hillary clintons mother followed and she got in trouble my nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad cuz whenever you want to go to your neighborhood basketball court you get bullied by everyone there because you always wear high heels when you play my nigga you gay as shit

Nigga your great great grandmother is an assistant manager in Chucky Cheese just because she wanted to steal the fabric used to make the chucky cheese costume she weird as fuck

Your grandpa is a sexually deprived middle aged sex slave that wandered out of Zimbabwe with a fresh hair cut because he got edged up by a wood pecker using it's beek dumb ass nigga stop talking to me 

Nigga your mom is the best garbage truck driver in the USA because shes used to smelling like shit all day because she lives under the london bridge in a oversized sewage pipe my nigga you dumb as shit

Your next door neighbor is a pedophile he snuck into your house yesterday and raped your mom and the very next morning he gave you a sinister smirk like shit stop talking to me

Nigga you checked your clock and it went from 9 am to 6 am because you're secretly the main character of re:zero my nigga you dumb as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga your grandma is evil he used to beat up ichigo because he got his powers dumb ass nigga and that's why yo teeth shaped like dinner plates my nigga you dumb as fuck

Stop talking to me nigga your father got plastic surgery on his bellybutton because he was insecure about his outie my nigga he ugly as shit 

Nigga your mother is a national profesional dare devil my nigga she jumped off of the london bridge with a baby in her hands and landed unharmed my nigga she weird as shit

Nigga ya step sister is a professional prostitute my nigga she maked niggas toes curl up just by touching they chakra points my nigga stop talking to me

Nigga you lost your older brother to a food fight in middle school because he said the lunch ladies spatula was dirty my nigga you dumb as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga your brother is a professional photographer my nigga he gets on his knees tilts his head to the right moves his ankle 3 inches left and the pictures comes out in 10-80p my nigga you dumb as shit

You used OBS studio just to screen-record yourself beating the roblox tower of hell obby and you failed on a lava jump trash ass nigga

Nigga ya mom put a clothe hangers around her her neck and hanged it in the closet as a weird way to commit suicide dumb ass nigga

Fuck no nigga yo mom got boxed up by 2-chains in the white house when she tried to apply to be the president of the US and donald trumps daughter threw a mouse trap at her and she died fuck is wrong with you nigga

Yo mom got crossed up by a sidestep on a MCM basketball court and she landed on a moldy subway sandwhich from amsterdams bathroom stall bitch ass nigga fuck is wrong with you

Yo mother has a strange adiction to doing her make-up with crayola crayons my nigga she walk out the bathroom lookin like wrinkles the clown ugly ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout

Yo mom taught you a secret technique passed down through generations and it was to run fortnite at 300 FPS by plugging yo ethernet cord straight inside of an electrical outlet dumb ass nigga fuck is u talkin bout

Yo older sister has a lemonade stand in her house and her only customers is her two kids Johnny and Steven and they both yo cousins ugly ass bitch fuck is you sayin

Nigga you the only nigga in the world that has the ability to use chop-sticks to drink soup my nigga fuck is you talkin about you perfectly balance the liquid on top of the chop stick and when you fail ya grandma smacks you on the back of yo neck with a spongebob action figure my nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad because yo barber was high one day and lined you up with a iPhone 5 screen protector stop talkin to me nigga fuck is wrong with you

Nigga yo cousin got reincarnated by a forbiden jutsu from Naruto and when she got reincarnated she had the sharingan on her toenails dumb ass boy she got deformed while being reincarnated how the fuck you do that shit ugly ass boy

Nigga you tongue kiss yo grandma belly button every night at 3:38 pm just so she can teach you how to be a professional bop-it player dumb ass boy stop talking to me nigga

You just mad cuz yo local dentist accidentally used a weed eater to trim to teeth nigga and you walked out that bitch lookin like Jeff The Killer you ugly bitch stop talking to me nigga

Fuck up nigga you sucker punched yo grandma because she didn't give you an extra jolly rancher after you cleaned her arm-pits for her dumb ass nigga stop talkin to me bitch

Nigga yo ex girl friend broke up with you because yo birth mark was on yo dick tip nigga she thought you was deformed you fuck face ass bitch stop talking to me

Fuck up nigga you wasted 2 years of your life mastering the art of scuba diving just to see the bakini bottom dumb ass nigga stop talking to me you stupid as fuck

What boy you just mad because you live in a world where twisting right on a bottle actually loosens it my nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga yo mom went on a mission to deep throat all 44 of the U.S.  presidents by using Susan and Mary tests time machine from Johnny Test dumb ass boy fuck is you sayin

Nigga yo dyke ass mom got plastic surgery to change her face into a ant eater so she could eat pussy better ugly ass bitch stop talking to me weird ass boy fuck is wrong with you

nigga yo mom is the fastest typer in the world boy she types with her hands upside down typing with her knuckles my nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga your mother is the best cook in the world she can turn dirt and rusty iron into a top tier resturaunt lasagna my nigga she weird as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga yo grandma is the worst picture taker in the world because her vision is terrible she was 2 inches away from a person and tried to take a picture of them and she accidentally took a picture of the sun, stupid ass boy fuck is u talking about

My nigga yo brother is the best dish washer in the world my nigga she washes dishes with her tongue she nasty as fuck

Nigga you the only nigga I know that can take shits and they internal organs come out my nigga now that's what I call a shitty condition stupid ass boy

Nigga you use shoe box paper as tissue when u wipe yo ass because you like the friction, weird ass nigga what are you talking about you just mad cuz yo bathroom sink malfunctions and turns into a black hole whenever you turn the fossit on, dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga yo ass was milly rocking in a new york city half price refridgerator because yo dick was musty and you thought the fridge would freeze the smell in place stupid ass boy

That's why yo momma got a slushy blender that actually turns slushies back into fruit boy that shit makes fruit go back in time nigga you ugly as shit

What boy me and my mom was in the supermarket shopping for chips on isle 7 boy and all we seen was you and ya grandma stealing 47 bags of cool ranch doritos boy fuck is wrong with you

What boy your grandma got hearing aids and works at a fast food resturaunt boy i asked for a Double quarter pounder cheese burger and she just gave me a blueberry flavoured slushie boy that shit was terrible 

What boy you just mad cuz yo stupid ass father got caught selling coke to 7 year olds at a get-together boy

What boy you got a dual wield mouse and keyboard just so you be a pro gamer boy you is terrible nigga

Nigga what ya mom got a 800,000 dollar carpet in her bathroom that absorbs dust particles my nigga and everytime you step on that shit you become jesus for 8 seconds ugly ass nigga fuck is wrong with you

What boy yo grandparents used to have hardcore BDSM anal sex in the trunk of they 1957 Volkwagen boy you is nasty as shit nigga

Shut up nigga you wasted 7 years of your life trying to master the ancient technique to dry your hands off with one piece of toilet paper my nigga you stupid as shit

Shut up nigga you just mad cuz yo fat ass got slapped upside yo head by yo mom and yo double chin transfused to yo neck you ugly bitch stop talking to me boy

Shut the fuck up nigga you kidnapped a 14 year old boy in Massachusettes boy just to steal his 745 Gigabytes of downloaded Teen TItans Go porn off of his wooden macintosh laptop from 1999 dumb ass nigga my nigga you hideous as shit

What boy your mom has dual wield TV remotes just so she can switch channels quickly when you come in her room unexpectedly boy you ugly as shit 

Nigga you wasted 300 dollars just to buy a fake MCM screwdriver off of amazon boy you was so mad when you opened the package and all you saw was bubble wrap and nothing else boy you ugly as shit

Nigga your mom has a MCM back-bone strapped gucci bra that make her titties turn into flint-stone nigga you ugly as shit 

Nigga your step dad was trapped inside of the lost and found storage in yo middle school P.Ee. class because he was tryna steal all the lost Physical education wardrobes nigga yo dad poor as fuck

Shut up nigga yo knee caps dont even bend forward they bend backwards because you have a severe case of type 2 Genu recurvatum
because yo grandma was getting gang banged when you was in her womb and the dick tips was hitting yo chakra points ugly ass boy

that was uncontrollably terrible my nigga you snuck into the pokemon universe just to get a sample of charizards tail flames boy, you ugly like fuck and when you got back to the lab that bitch exploded with a 47 mile radius my nigga and caused a global warming bitch ass nigga im on yo ass boy

Nigga you quit playing on yo toshiba laptop computer my nigga boy  because you bumped yo head on concrete and lost all yo muscle memory of every key on yo keyboard my nigga you stupid as fuck

Naw that shit was terrible you got sexually frustrated while playing Clicker Heroes boy because yo thumb went numb dumb ass nigga what are you talking about

What boy you filed a law suit against amazon because they sold you a Flatscreen TV with the power button in the middle of the screen my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

What boy yo mom fell asleep during her Americas got talent piano performance my nigga boy and she forgot the song she was gonna play and hit sustain and played the D3 key and accidentally started playing the Yu-Gi-Oh opening theme song my nigga you ugly as fuck

Shut the fuck up my nigga you got banned from a updated Wizard 101 server cuz you tried to inject Cheat Engine bitch ass nigga and as soon as you 

What boy ya grandma got assassinated by George Washington the 73rd cuz he caught her masturbating with a plastic fork that she used to eat creamy chicken ramen noodles my nigga she nasty as fuck stop talking to me

What boy? I looked in my peripheral vision and all I seem was ya grandma shakin ass to PrettyBoyFredo's OPP Pack Music Video my nigga you ugly like fuck stop talking to me

What boy? You was the impostor on among us and killed someone in front of a group of people and convinced them that it was just a suicide my nigga you genius as shit 

Nigga you made a A+ on yo Egyptian Hieroglyphics quizzlet test and yo teacher gave you a Magnesium atom as a reward bitch ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout

What boy yo knee caps smell like caucasion seaweed dick sauce with spinach and ketchup on that shit mixed with expired milk and black pepper ugly ass boy im finna cook the shit out yo ugly ass that's why yo back boneS is connected to yo front tooth because yo family sealed the 9 tailed fox chakra inside of yo elbows and it reconstructed yo exo-skeleton bitch ass nigga finna cook the shit out of you boy

What boy you got mad because you was tryna learn how to cook mac and cheese and you searched "How to make mac and cheese" on youtube and found a HowToBasic video and watched 3 minutes of it and ya house caught on fire because he told you to throw eggs at yo microwave and yo oven bitch ass stupid ass nigga fuck is wrong with you

What boy yo grandma made alligator flavored pop-sicles by fusing them bitches with dry cactus DNA ugly ass nigga fuck is wrong with yo ass boy 

Nah nigga that shit was actually terrible my nigga I was on tour with my niggas 3 months ago and caught yo ass moon walking on the calabasas tryna recreate blue face and DDG's new hit song called Moonwalking in the calabasas bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck



Nigga yo grandma got a old pair of dentures that teleport to random places in her house because she got a rare disease that makes her saliva switch deminsions nigga she weird as fuck

What boy your dad works at six flags and gets paid 93 cents a day just do spray the roller coaster tracks with clorox bleach every 347 minutes nigga you lame as shit

Nigga yo mom got a flat screen TV in her 3 story garage just so she can binge watch robot chicken while she clean out yo 4 month old mcdonalds mcgriddle bag my nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga yo step sister sold her ps4 remote control charger in exchange for a empty locos taco burrito shell because she has an addiction to using them bitches as napkins nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga yo grandma got a 3 inch tv in her closet thats dedicated to searching up videos on how to have drip by prettyboyfredo

Your doctor perscribed you a legendary set of dual wield tooth brushes because yo dirty ass got 56 different species of cavities in yo mouth my nigga you nasty as shit

What boy you survived a plane crash in south africa and as soon as you got out the plane you just took a 2 hour long shit behind a tree my nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga the chief executive leader of the Ku Klux Klan snuck into yo house my nigga just so he could put his big toe on yo lips then sneak back out my nigga you stupid as fuck

What boy you came out the womb swinging yo umbellical cord around like a cowboy rope throwin that shit at the doctors knee caps my nigga just so you could kidnap they doctors outfits because you thought that shit was stylish as fuck my nigga you ugly as shit

My nigga you got a special disease that makes you increase in height whenever you smell farts my nigga and Donald Trump found out about it and put you under solitary confinement to run tests on yo elbows my nigga you weird as shit

Stop talking nigga ya dad was the 5th president of the united states and he vetoed a bill that could've ended slavery boy your relatives are racist nigga

Nigga ya mom passed away at the cell games from Dragon Ball Z cuz a kamehameha blast scraped her forehead boy fuck is wrong with you

nope nope nope ya mom was famous in the hiden leaf village because she helped Hinata build up the courage to express her feelings towards naruto like shit boy you ugly as shit stop talkin to me 

Nigga yo step dad tripped and fell off the london bridge because a legendary pokemon was biting his Gucci shoe strings because they was unties because that nigga don't even know how to tie his shoe strings nigga fuck is wrong with ya family boy 

You the only nigga I know that thought Justin Bieber was an unknown species of bievers dumb ass boy stop talking to me nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga shut up your father is the second best uno player in the world he magically gets 18 draw 4 cards in a single match because he makes special ancient lucky prayers to the Giene from the arabian knights like shit boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga PewDiePie made a reaction video to you fingering yo booty hole with a 3d printed discord logo and he disliked the video and reported it to youtubes email dumb ass boyyou ugly as fuck


Nigga you just mad because yo step sister literally closed her left eye and opened it and it turned into an incomplete rinnegan that niggas ancestors from 3000 years ago was Itachi's uncle my nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga the number in yo discord tag stands for how many times you've gotten yo ass beat in Middle School my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you that one dude that slap boxes in High School and get mad whenever a nigga weave you left hook yo ass get to kicking niggas ugly ass boy

Fuck no boy you paid 800$ just to get the level 20 role dumb ass boy fuck is wrong with you

Yo fat ass grandma drink all the bacon grease out the pan as an appetizer before she eat breakfast fat ass bitch fuck is wrong with you

Fuck up nigga you perfectly place plastic cups in yo ear thinking you hearing the ocean dumb ass boy thought he had a sea shell nigga dumb as fuck 

Fuck up nigga yo momma masturbates with an oragami dildo she made out of copy paper my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me



Your jewish father stapled a cucumber to his ear because he wanted to try out for the Zimbabwe Nambya tribe my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga ya mom farted on the statue of liberaty and it instantly started molding my nigga you nasty as shit stop talking to me nigga

Nigga you just mad because yo number 2 pencil snapped during yo End Of Course assessments in yo 7th grade chemistryclass  like shit my nigga you dumb as shit

Nigga ya mom got kicked out of a top tier mc donalds resturant because she jumped over the counter and grabbed every ketch-up packet and stuffed it in her bullet proof MCM purse my nigga you dumb as shit 


Nigga I looked at yo grandma laptop and I went to her bookmarks and all I seen was a youtube video titled "How To Bookmark For Beginners" dumb ass bitch what are you talking about

Terrible nigga ya mom got a magic washing machine boy she put a empty gatorade bottle in it and it turned into a filled powerade bottle stupid ass weird ass nigga fix ya house 

You just mad cuz yo ex girlfriend left you when she found out she had more robux than you broke ass boy stop talking to me

Nigga ya grandmas daughter taught Michael jackson how to moon walk with sketchers on back in 1987 dumb ass nigg fuck is you saying to me nigga

Nigga your mom is dumb as fuck she an ancient believer that theirs eleventy-seven numbers in the alphabet stupid ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout

Nigga you literally are 100% prepared for a zombie apocolypse because you thought you was gon recreate the plants vs zombies game and grow 900 million plants and inject random super powers in each plant just to survive like shit nigga you're retarded as fuck

You're literally weird as fuck nigga you eat oreos by taking an oreo and cutting that shit in 4 pieces with a kitchen knife then tossing that bitch in yo mouth like it's some skittles like shit nigga you retarded as fuck

Nigga your mother was literally main actress in a winter roleplay survival adventure game cenctered around the colonization of Quebec boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin

Nigga your mom is literally known in the white house because she deep throated 7 of the U.S. presidents nigga ya mom is a federal thot fuck is you sayin nigga

You literally got kicked out of a London tea party because you was listening to rap music at the V.I.P. dinner tables nigga you dumb as fuck stop talking


Nigga Drake literally hired you as the editor in his Hotline Bling music video boy because he thought your edits on VanossGamings deathrun videos were exquisit nigga fuck up talking to me you're retarded nigga

Nigga your fat ass grandma literally made a wish to the holy grail from fate/zero boy and her one and only wish was to summon a forbidden floppy sea spider nigga and when she seen that shit her heart rate jumped to 0 and she died boy you're ugly as shit stop talking to me

Nigga that's why yo laptops internal webcam drivers are corrupted and have viruses in them nigga and whenever you turn on yo camera in discord calls all you see is a McDonalds McGriddle wrapper with staples in it nigga you ugly as fuck


Shut up nigga that's why you're best friends with Jimmidy Cricket because you made strange noises with him late at night 

Nigga you was on rediculousness because you did a back flip off of a swing set and yo neck landed on a porcupine and that shit scratched yo Thyroid then you threw up seasoned salt cuz you ate steak in the morning

Nigga you went to jacob sartoriouses concert just to steal his water bottle and use that shit when you get in the shower and you thought you was gon get tik tok famous

Nigga you paid approximately 125,224 dollars just to install cameras in yo eyes so you could take pictures of notes so you could cheat on tests and you still failed every class because the quality of the images were too low to read

Nigga all yo class mates call you and your best friend carl the king of the cafeteria because yall be eating yall lunches in approximately 2 bites boy

Shut up nigga your closet is an actual machine that turns niggas gay fuck is you talkin bout they walk in that bitch and walk out and then they dick turn into a vagina dumb ass nigga that's why yo ceiling made out of copy paper and that shit don't even last 2 days and yo parents pay 200 a month to get that shit fixed dumb ass boy

Nigga you was in yo front yard and a lady bug flew in yo left ear lobe and then out yo nose then in yo belly button then out yo ball sack and you turned into a Jaguar dumb ass nigga 

That's why yo dumb ass thought FPS stood for Future Pussy Stickers and yo dumb ass typed that exact phrase into the amazon website search bar and it redirected you to a porn website bitch ass nigga

Nigga you ordered a HyperX gaming headset from amazon and 2 weeks later you got a package on yo doorstep and you opened it up and the only thing you seen inside of it was a box of lunchables dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you tried to do a back flip for the first time off of yo sisters trampoline and you got so scared that yo life flashed before yo eyes and you landed on yo hairline and fell into sleep paralysis dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck and yo sleep paralysis demon is a microwave dumb ass fat ass bitch cuz all you think about is food fat ass boy

That was ass nigga ya great grandfather got killed in the Vietnam war because a enemy soldier 360 noscoped him and he gained 13,000 experience points and he got ranked to a grand master dumb ass nigga that's why yo jaw locks whenever you listen to the english variation of Descapito 2 with one ear bud in dumb ass nigga stop talking to me boy

Nigga that was ass boy that's why yo iPhone self destructs whenever you forget yo apple id password dumb ass boy fuck is wrong with you nigga that's why Wubbzy from Wow Wow Wubbzy tought you how to hoola hoop with a spatula while balancing on a basketball while being naked in a jzcuzzi dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

Nigga yo dumb ass had a science test and you studied algebra all night on accident and you failed the test dumb ass boy fuck is you saying nigga that's why stewie griffin gave you a hand job in the back of the magic schoolbus dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me boy

That was ass nigga you was taking a quiz in geometry class and you answered all the questions in egyptian hieroglyphics and you got expelled from school because the hieroglyphics on question 3 translated to the N word dumb ass boy you dumb as fuck

Shut yo bitch ass up nigga you tried to pack-a-punch a 10 dollar bill and you thought it was gonna turn into a 100 dollar bill you poor ass nigga you tried to put a fruit roll-up in a vending machine and another fruit rollup came out you dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

Uhuh nigga and you was robbing niggas houses in Florida tip toeinng to they bathroom because you had to pee and yo dumbasss flushed the toilet dumb ass boy

That was ass boy ya mother be making you sit in the corner with a water bucket on each hand whenever you get into an altercation in school over hot-wheels dumb ass boy that's why I caught yo retarded ass grandfather try-harding on a bop-it trying to show off infront of cancer patients in New-Zealand dumb ass boy 

That was ass boy you tried to fight Henry Danger why he was filming his next episode in Hollywood and he sued you for assault dumb ass boy that's why you lost a staring competition to a blind man dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

That was ass boy ya father invited me to a scribblio match at 6:30 in the morning and he sent uber-eats to my house and all I saw was 3 jolly ranchers sitting on my porch with a pokemon action figure holding them dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck



Shut up nigga you drunk kool-aid for the first time and 3 pimples grew on yo forehead boy and yo mother took you to the doctor and turns out you have a water allergy.. dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga your a evil mad genius nigga your bathroom controls the weather boy, whenever you turn on yo fossil it starts raining and whenever you flush yo toilet it starts storming dumb ass nigga you evil as fuck

Uhuh nigga that's why yo jaw weak as fuck boy, whenever you eat jolly ranchers yo jaw locks... dumb ass boy and you start crying cause of the pain then yo momma bitch slapped you cuz you was bein a bitch about it you bum ass nigga

You smell like chimpanzee knuckle juice... with banana peppers... dumb ass boy and ya mother got ran over and defeated by an angry lady bug.. dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

That was ass nigga you joined the Teen Titans team and they tested yo intellectual intelligence boy, and yo dumb ass got defeated by a calculator that only had add and subtract on it nigga you dumb as fuck

Ya mother has allergic reactions to venus fly trap bites boy, and whenever she try to walk up stairs time goes slower nigga you dumb as fuck 

Nigga first time you tried to have a lucid dream you fell into sleep paralysis boy, and yo sleep paralysis demon was a stapler nigga you dumb as fuck

You proposed to yo girl friend on poptropica and she left the game nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga your indian tech support scammer tracked yo IP boy, because he heard you take a piss using a satellite radio nigga you dumb as shit

Nigga bounty hunder D was struggling to capture you boy, because you was born in the hidden leaf village and you knew the shadow clone jutsu nigga you stupid as fuck

That was ass nigga that's why a 23 year old man reported you in roblox dungeon quest boy, because you was using synapse to automatically complete dungeons nigga you dumb as fuck

Nope nigga you beat someone in a 1v1 on fortnite and he sent you a ip logger and you clicked on it with a VPN that redirected your location to your neighbors house and next thing you know your neighbors house blew up boy ever since then you called yourself a murderer nigga u dumb as fuck

Nigga you can't even use the dark theme on youtube boy, because yo black ass fingers camouflauge with the screen nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you poured gasoline on skeleton and lit it on fire boy, and you thought you recreated the ghost rider nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you had a 50 person orgy with 49 random people that you found on roblox Adopt Me nigga you weird as fuck

That's why yo teacher stopped you from finishing yo pop quiz cuz you was answering all the questions in Egyptian hieroglyphics 


And that's why yo bus driver banned you from riding the bus for a whole month because you tossed a used condom at his left shoulder blade nigga

Nigga yo pet squirrel grew wings and full grown human legs and started walking inside yo kitchen and opened up the microwave and put a mexican burrito inside and 3 seconds later the PS3 homescreen music started playing out yo Bluetooth Stereo CD Boombox Radio player bitch ass nigga and thats why yo step moms GPS got hacked by the creators of Synapse X and they redirected her destination to the Bakini Bottom and she drove off a cliff and fell into the Atlantic Ocean and all you seen was 36 Mermaids playing tic tac toe on an abandoned island bitch ass nigga and that's why yo step mom got a strange house bitch ass nigga her house has no roof or no wals on that shit all you got is floors bitch ass nigga

 you have no furnature in yo house because your mother is a very experienced space conservationist bitch ass nigga and that's why whenever you eat hotfries at exactly 6:32 AM yo front door teleports into yo moms room and explodes and the only thing that comes out of the door is dried up ketchup and sewage water bitch ass nigga you ugly as shit nigga that's why yo mom was throwing it back for the assistant principle of the local Elementary School and he accidentally started moaning over the schools intercom and all the little kids thought someone was having a seizure bitch ass nigga 

that's why yo step mom is a professional colorbook colorer dumb ass nigga she has exactly 664,599 copies of the hello kitty coloring book and spends 21 hours a day completing them bitch ass nigga im finna flame the fuck out of you boy that's why yo laptop charger mounfunctions whenever you play roblox jail break because you accidentally installed a driver on yo laptop that was custom made by microsoft to spy on all of yo Bookmark history bitch ass nigga that's why the ice king from adventure time anal raped yo step mom because he wanted to disect her internal red blood cells bitch ass nigga and that's why you read the future in 60 years and all you seen was the world being destroyed bitch ass nigga and little did you know the world was being destroyed by DR. EggMan and little did you know my nigga that was yo step-cousin bitch ass nigga you ugly as shit 

and that's why yo dumb ass thought you was a air bender because you sneezed and it had the force of a Kamehameha bitch ass nigga thats why yo discord account got terminated because you accidentally sent a grabbify link to Snoop Dogg's weed dealer bitch ass nigga what are you saying nigga that's why you looked in yo peripheral vision and all you seen was that nigga Itachi Uchiha putting you in an Infinite Tsukyomi Genjutsu and while you were in the Genjutsu that nigga Sonic The Hedgehog and Knuckles hanged banged yo mom on top of an iron board in yo living room with pink L.E.D. lights on bitch ass nigga a tasmanian devil had sex with yo screw driver that you used to fix yo broken WiiU controller and when you found about what he did to it you snapped yo neck and didn't die because you accidentally did a cheat code to go into god mode because you was playing Dance Dance revolution bitch ass nigga you ugly like fuck 
nigga yo mom was extremely horny at 12 o'clock in the morning and grabbed a sheet of printer paper out her printer in her closet and made an oragami dildo bitch ass nigga and whenever she used it she got paper cuts on her coochie flaps dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck that's why yo grandma is retarded she played rock paper scissor for the first time and she picked rock and picked up the biggest rock she could find and launched that shit at yo forehead and knock you into sleep paralysis bitch ass nigga that's why yo yo science teacher gave you a quit on the periodic table and yo dumb ass thought it was a eating contest just because it had the word table in it bitch ass nigga yo mom looked at the map of the United states of america and pointed at 

Nigga yo mom was throwing it back for James Charles and she convinced that gay ass nigga to smack her ass bitch ass nigga that's why yo mom was on Canadians Got Talent because she knew how to say her ABC's backwards and in reverse bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck and that's why yo mom is a 3rd demensional superhero and yo superpower is sticky sweat bitch ass nigga that's why ariana grande anal raped yo step cousin yo mom got raped by Jariya Sensei from Naruto because she knew how to do the sexy lady jutsu bitch ass nigga

Yo mom practices lucid dreaming with Juice Wrld every day because she was a fan of him since 1942 back when saudi arabia wasn't a thing and that's whhy the only thing you got on christmas was a gift card and you opened the gift card and all you seen was a sticky note saying "FUck you!" bitch ass nigga

Nigga yo mom is the chief executive of the Ku Klux Klan and she knows how to seduce james charles and donald trump bitch ass nigga that's why yo grandma was the president of the arts and crafts club back in middle school because she knew how to draw the blue eyed dragon from yugioh

yo dad was at a hair salon, and they gave this nigga a bald fade on accident, cuz the barber was on bath salts bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck nigga and that's why yo dentist is a exorcist from blue exorcist, and that nigga started putting ancient spells on yo teeth, to make them shine brighter dumb ass nigga fuck is yo ass saying nigga yo grandma got bit by a venus fly trap, and her ass did the stop drop and roll dumb ass nigga she stupid as fuck nigga and that's why the remote to yo TV only got two buttons on that shit, and one of the buttons produce black pepper, and whenever you use that shit on food, that shit get to tastin like salt and vinegar chips bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck boy yo mom is a competitive eater, her ass ate 3 hamburgers and tapped out, her ribs was cracking, because her ass forgot to drink water before eating dumb ass nigga she stupid as fuck on god nigga and that's 

why yo step mom, that bitch is a golf player, her ass accidentally hit the golf-ball into outer space cuz her ass got hidden super saiyan strength bitch ass nigga fuck is you sayin nigga

 yo mom got into an altercation at lunch time in the high school cafateria, cuz the lunch lady winked at her sideways dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck boi 

you got a doll in yo house that helps you be a better ventriloquist little did you know that shit can actually talk on its own dumb ass nigga yo mom tried to play with it and 3 hours later her windows in her room started creakin dumb ass 

nigga yo ass went went in minecraft and went to the nether world and started doing the barrel roll infront of the ender dragon and that nigga started tap dancing with a boombox on his left wing dumb ass nigga yo ass tried to tap dance with him and he made yo PS3 explode bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck boy you got a truck in yo backyard, and whenever you go inside of the trunk yo ass get teleported to a tropical forest biome dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck boi yo ass played the exact same song, on two different devices, and when you heard it, yo ass fell into sleep paralysis dumb ass nigga and yo mom tried to wake you up, and her ass got posessed by satan, her ass was jumping up and down causing earth quakes cuz she fat as fuck and eat 5 Guys burgers all day dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying 

What nigga you wasted 5 years of your life cracking the code of a secret safe and you unlocked it and all you seen was the word supercalafredgalisticexpielladocious written in hieroglyphics on a sticky note dumb ass nigga yo ass live in porkbelly and yo dad got a atomic bomb on his truck, that shit exploded and a CD Radio boombox player teleported to the middle of yo driveway playing Despacito english version dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass started meditating to the song and you awakened the eternal mangekyou sharingan dumb ass nigga yo genius sisters made you eat salt and you transformed into a female, yo ass got beat up by that nigga Bling Bling boy from Johnny Test cuz you stole his Uranium and yo ass started running around town with a peanut butter tattoo on yo belly button and yo ass got chased down town by 543,669 squirrels cuz they wanted yo nuts gay ass nigga 

yo ass got diamond grills on yo teeth, and you used that shit to break out of prison dumb ass nigga yo ass started biting through the walls like shit dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying boi yo ass sung an ancient ritual from the 1400's and transformed into a fish-man and teleported to the middle of the pacific ocean, yo ass went on land and started break dancing, and suffocated to death dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga that nigga Bling Bling boy from Johnny Test sung you a bed time story because you lost all you memory, because yo sister injected you with poison and it turned you into a superhero dumb ass nigga yo ass can fart, and you start flyin bitch ass nigga yo ass can punch the air, and create cosmic waves that evaporate light rays from the sun dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying 

Nigga ya mom was tap dancing on top of the statue of liberty with a ps3 controller stapled to her left knee cap with a baby carrot glued to her uvula boy and whenever she gets mad she just takes her anger out on you and takes massive shits on your ps4 and make that shit overheat and explode fuck is wrong with you my nigga

my nigga what boy you was in the dragon ball z universe with epilepsy boy and as soon as you seen a kamehameha you just fell in a 87 year coma boy and you woke up with knee cap fragments in yo ankle my nigga you ugly as shit

 nigga shut up boy yo mom got assassinated by Desmond Miles from assassins creed because she took that nigga legendary dagger ugly ass boy finna flame the fuck out yo ass boy you got mad and committed suicide because yo pet pikachu evolved into a charizard accidentally because you fuzed it with a rubix cube ugly ass boy 

Yo mom ugly as fuck nigga she started grinning her teeth together, and a random subway sub sandwhich started levitating above her iron board, she grabbed that shit and she transformed into the armored titan from attack on titans bitch ass nigga, she got to stomping everywhere, and she killed 843,665,337 people dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo grandma got gang banged phinease and ferb, little did you know, they was holdind nerf guns in they hand shooting yo momma in her head while they was fucking her dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga 

yo pet cat is 11 years old and whenever it tries to pee, nothing comes out but ketchup water you nasty ass bitch that's why yo great great grandma got out of bed at 5 in the morning, walked in the garage, grabbed a screwdriver, and started tightening every screw in the house bitch ass nigga while she was in sleep paralysis dumb ass nigga yo mom scary as shit nigga that's why yo mom is the only person 0in the world that knows what Abraham Lincolns penis looks like because her long lost relatives saved a picture of it on a Swivel Bulk Thumb Acer Nitro 5 USB Flash Drive dumb ass nigga yo family weird as shit thats why yo mom was playing Poptropica, she injected cheat engine and got banned instantly nigga instantaniously banning that bitch nigga yo mom is in the guinese world records for beating 300 people in a 300 versus 1 tug-of-war match dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga 

I snatched yo momma weave out and made her chase it like a bull bitch ass nigga i smacked yo momma with a greasy cheese burger and she started levitating dumb ass nigga yo mom was on a trampoline and did a backflip and entered third person in real life bitch ass nigga yo mom was throwin it back for niggas to throw nickels at them poor ass nigga you ugly as fuck yo dad got bit by a venus fly trap and fell into sleep paralysis bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck dirty ass nigga 

you was on youtube and you searched "Can an African American temporarily obtain a slice of fried carbohydrates?" and yo FBI agent used instant transmission to yo living room and stole all yo light bulbs dumb ass nigga 

fuck is you saying you hideous ass iPhone 4 se screenprotector forehead ass nigga cmon now lotion bottle neck ass long foot ass itchy toenail having ass nigga im on yo ass nigga I went to yo momma house and went to the bathroom and opened up the mirror and saw 3 dildos and they all had sticky notes with names on them saying "Pussy Destroyer 1, 2 and 3" dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck I'll smack yo momma with a meat ball and she start breakdancing from the adrenaline rush bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying to me bitch ass nigga yo mom was in Highschool walking around the halls and she tripped and fell and busted her chest open bitch ass boy fuck is you saying nigga you ugly as fuck fat neck ass picture frame neck ass BiC lighter face ass acute triangle teeth shape ass nigga you spectacularly ugly as shit with yo Kapreson straw neck ass and speaking of kapreson straws, yo mom had a kapreson straw and put it in her booty hole and that fat bitch got tired because her left arm alone weigh 700 pounds fat ass bitch nigga fuck is you talking about you lame ass nigga yo father had a crush on Usain Bolt in 1944 while he was playing Saxiphone instrumentals in a doctors office flexing in front of all the patients with knee cap problems bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck

that nigga itachi uchiha put you in a infinite tsukyomi genjutsu and he made you hoolahoop for 600 hours dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck fuck is you saying little ass boy yo momma ate a cough drop and turned into beast boy bitch ass nigga yo mom got 360 noscoped by ninja in a fortnite pre-lobby and he banned you for stream sniping bitch ass nigga 

yo grandma took back shots by Michael Jackson in 1984 sideways bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck nigga got a pillow pet cuz he lonely at night lame ass fat neck ass cmon now fat ass alligator teeth having ass nigga you ugly as fuck yo mom was hittin splits on top of the statue of liberty in exchange for soda cans bitch ass nigga cuz she's an expect recyclist bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck nigga 

yo mom was tieing her shoe laces and accidentally tied her shoe lace to her pinkie toe and she started breaking all the Number 2 pencils tryna prove yo strength to the world bitch ass nigga

yo mom got epathermic displacia and it reverses her hand-eye coordination dumb ass nigga, she tried to pick up a subway sub sandwhich and she could not make contact with that shit she accidentally knocked it off the table, it fell on yo GUCCI shoe laces so you went into anafalactic shock and fell into sleep paralysis bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom is a grand priest in Egypt, and her spirit name is Bonquisha dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga 

you was the first person in the world, to hang-slide off of a cruise ship and yo ass landed in the ocean bitch ass nigga little did you know approximately 16 sharks was suurrounding you and yo ass seen the sharks and you created "How do iiiiiiiiii sayyyyyyy goodbyeeeeee" bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass is the colossal titan from Attack On Titan and that nigga Captain Levi one shot you and you started crying out yo soul and started meditating yo consciousness and transformed into Jesus Christ bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga

shut yo bitch ass up you ugly ass phineus and ferb body built ass nigga you just depressed because yo pet lobster died from a sandstorm in zimbabwe when he was tryna find his kids he left there 3,000 years ago ugly ass boy im on yo ass fr now ugly ass nigga

Shut the fuck up you nasty ass weak collar bone having ass nigga you broke yo wrist tryna shoot a basketball because you took yo trainers words to heart my nigga when he said "flick yo wrist" you flicked that shit to a 326 degree angle and that shit snapped in 7 different locations ugly ass boy fuck is wrong with you

Fuck no boy yo ugly ass green bana peel body built ass nigga yo grandfather sniped a enemy solider and gained 3 experience points because he got lucky asf he dint even mean to do tha tshit my nigga you ugly as fuck

yo mom was bussin it back for that nigga sandy cheeks because she was gon give her a TI-84 calculator if she did it so she could conquor the world dumb ass nigga yo mom created the letter O because she saw the moon and started meditating dumb ass nigga she fell into sleep paralysis, and her sleep paralysis demon was a water battle, with the top off bitch ass boi fuck is you saying nigga you are a legendary pokemon trainer you beat Ash's pikachu by staring at his tail, dumb ass nigga that's why yo Auntie know the secret art of Spinjitsu, her ass can jump up in the air, kill 800 niggas, and fall back to the ground in 0.0004 seconds nigga yo auntie scary as shit fuck is you saying that's why yo granddad got assassinated by a poisonous venus fly trap in south dekota on top of a Ice Cream truck while he was charging his chakra dumb ass nigga yo great grandma created basketball, because she picked up a rock, and threw it through the middle of a lifesaver bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck that's why yo granddad is an experienced agar.io player and he solotricked Donald Trump and gained 439,543 mass and started giving away all his mass to everyone in the game with a number in they name dumb ass nigga yo mom was on a airplane, and she banged her head against the glass, broke the window, jumped out, and landed on a trampoline and she bounced back up to the airplane, sat down, and pulled out a toolbox, and started fixing the airplane dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck, fuck is you saying nigga you are horrible nigga yo granddad is the best space conservationist in the world nigga he made 84 couches, fit inside of a bathroom dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga you retarded as fuck yo girlfriend is Sakura so she beats the shit out of you whenever you don't acknowledge her dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga you quit gaming, becuz that nigga YBN Nahmir, gave yo mom a cheeseburger, you saw that shit ain't have no meat on that shit, yo ass awakened yo sharingan and put that nigga into Sleep Paralysis, dumb ass nigga boy you ugly as fuck, yo grandma 360 noscoped Ninja and Tfue ina  fortnite prelobby match on accident, and he banned her account for allegid stream sniping bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom was twerking her ass on top of the london bridge, just so she could make niggas throw nickels at her, and when she saw the nickels ain't have Theodore Rosevelts face on it, she strated panicing, her ass realized she wasn't in the same Country no more dumb ass nigga you retarded as fuck, im on yo ass now nigga you own a gold fish and a alligator, and yo fish ate yo alligator and transformed into a BeyBlade dumb ass nigga because little did you know, that was nemo from finding nemo bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck, on yo ass for real nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom got a bottle of dioxyribo nucleic acid, sitting on the top of her chimney, and whenever it comes in contact with steam, it spawns satan dumb ass nigga, yo mom is a top tier architect, she created the london bridge dumb ass nigga

Ugly ass pineapple pinocio pinecone body built ass nigga yo mom took 13 viagra pills and started dry humping the light switch on her wall you stank ass bald ass degenerate fortnite playing ass nigga im on yo ass fr now bitch made ass boy

Shut up you bitch ass virgin 3 months ago yo mom got kidnapped by soul reapers and got evicerated in the soul society by Rukia Kuchki you fat ass pickle neck ass boy you just mad cuz yo headset falls off yo head cuz that shit was made for dwayne the rock johnson you ugly ass boy fuck is wrong with you

fuck up nigga yo grandma had sex with the engine of a motor byke back in new jersey

nigga what boy you been in void so long that you thought pakistan was the capitak of void just because it had pak in it you retarded ass reject nigga im on yo ass fr boy

nigga yo mom was throwing it back at a strip club for free and they gave her 3 pinnies and a nickel and she started throwin a tantrum and kissing every managers knee caps and you started throwing all the dinner plates


My nigga what boy you got arrested and sent to life in prison my nigga because the FBI because you gruesimly murdered a crocodile in a new zealand hallocaust commercial my nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga you literally was in a 1987 range rover sticking half way solved rubix cubes in yo belly button while drawing circles and x's on that shit like a tic tac toe board and when you lost to yourself you committed suicide because you just lost all dedication to life my nigga you ugly as shit

You came out yo momma pussy using yo umbelical cord as a legendary katana from poptropica and yo ass got 1 shotted by a needle, dumb ass boy fuck is u talkin bout

yo ass got a "LAUNCH" button on yo keyboard, and whenever you press that shit yo mom start running down the stairs with purple cast-iron booty shorts on and start washing all the dishes in the house weird ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass had a guitar, played a song for yo crush, and her boyfriend shot you in the head with a high pressure water gun dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying  boy yo ass was earing an egyptian trinket around yo neck yo school one day, and it started an alien apocolypse cuz that shit got long lost ancient hispanic testronomic DNA in that shit bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying boa yo baby brother had a wooden bat and started beating the shit out of you just to tell you that dinner was ready dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga you was in wal-mart crying because you couldn't find yo girl friend, little did you know she was on isle 13 giving blow-jobs to every nigga that bought her a pair of lip gloss dumb ass nigga 

Nigga yo step-mom one shot the floor 1 dungeon boss from Swort Art Online because her ass had a legendary weapon crafted out of S rated gobanzo tree trunk bark dumb ass boy fuck is you saying nigga yo ass was depressed one day because yo pet snail died yo ass tried to astral project and yo soul got stuck in a ceiling fan bitch ass boi you ugly as fuck boy yo mom was bussin it back for Ronald Mc Donald for a free McFlurry and he did not give that shit to her dumb ass boi yo ass is inconsistantly sideways and yo vision is tilted to the left side of yo brain cuz yo ass got a weird condition called "Optical Dislexic Trajectory Flouride Symptoms bitch ass boy fuck is you sayinn nigga yo mom got gang banked my Krillin, Yamcha, Picollo and Android 18 in super saiyan form dumb ass nigga and when they got done, they summoned shenron and wished for a bacon egg and cheese sandwhich dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga now I'm finna flame the shit out of you nigga timmy turner is yo secret Physical Science teacher yo ass passed the class with a 100% cuz he did all the homework for you dumb ass boi fuck is u sayin nigga yo mom works at Freddy Frasbaears Pizzaria from Five Nights at Freddy's, her ass had a heart attack cuz she did not see a animatronic, her ass seen Courage the Cowardly Dog, that nigga was milly rocking with a watch in his hand and yo mom got hypnotized by it bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom was inside the world of Attack on Titans, little did you know she was the Colossal Titan dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck boi yo great great step-grandma was bussin it back at a christian strip club where the only think you can shake is yo knee caps bitch ass boi fuck is u saying nigga yo ass made a Do It Yourself Fidget Spinner made out of Kunai Khifes and Ninja Shurikens bitch ass nigga yo ass tried to throw that shit, and it had no aim dumb ass nigga that shit landed in a bird nest and killed 3 baby penguins dumb ass boy fuck is u saying nigga

you used a senzu bean on Michael jacksons corpse and that nigga got up and started moonwalking with KameHameHa waves coming out of his diamond glove dumb ass nigga yo ass was on dance dance revolution 2 practicing yo high school prom dance skills bitch ass boy fuck is you saying nigga now im on yo shit nigga yo iphone 5 got a screenprotector on it that absorbs salt dumb ass nigga and you paid 400 dollars for that shit tahts why Shisui Uchiha put you in a Genjutsu that made yo 5 senses evaporate bitch ass nigga yo mom fell into sleep paralysis cuz yo ass got a Optical Illusion ceiling fan bitch ass nigga you get to turning that shit on and all you see is a black and red spiral dumb ass niga you stupid as fuck boy yo ass is a arabian knight spirit that died in 1432 because yo ass got speared in yo back by Theodore Rosevelt with a Golden Eagle dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass got a piggy bank in yo room thats soul bounded to only catching Nickels dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass still got a 3DS and the only game you got is Sonic Unleashed and yo ass is stuck on the first stage because 3 of yo buttons broke dumb ass nigga yo ass can only move up and down dumb ass boi fuck is u saying yo ass got 3 candles lit up in yo bathroom to do ancient christian japanese dragon ball z shenron chants to summon the Goddess of Bumblebees dumb ass boy fuck is you saying nigga

nigga yo mom was caught in a wild fire in a jungle, her ass transformed into the Colossal Titan to save herself dumb ass nigga yo mom is an ancient level 300 sewer dweller her ass get to killin all alligators for fun dumb ass boy fuck is you talkin but nigga yo ass got a microwave in yo kitchen, that makes yo food colder with yo ironic ass boy and whenever you use that shit yo food get frost bite dumb ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout yo great grandfather was bussin it back at the LGBTQ hideout with nothing but a ariana grande halloween outfit on nigga got to hittin all high notes tryna impersonate her so niggas could touch on his gay ass, ugly ass boy 

fuck is you talkin bout nigga yo granddad is that nigga Choji from Naruto fat ass boy yo ass get to throwing hand signs and turning into a giant dumb ass boi fuck is you talkin bout nigga yo internet cable is snapped in half cuz that nigga courage the cowardly dog be bitin yo shit at night time when you dont give him a fruit roll-up when he successfully pees in his potty bin dumb ass nigga you stupid like fuck boi

nigga yo mom created the loadout of the roblox website dumb ass nigga you dont even have a shower in yo house and you gotta take showers in yo washing machine in the laundry room bitch ass nigga yo ass dont even know how to throw a frizby 

Nah nigga you really smell like armadillo knee cap grease with ketchup and mustard on it and you put black pepper on it as a toping bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck boy and that's why yo keyboard loses keys whenever you play OSU Mania because you be tapping yo keyboard too hard

Nigga you answered A on every question of yo S.A.T. tests 

Yeah nigga and ya mom put you on punishment because you responded to her text in all caps with an exclamation mark at the end nigga



|| FLAME THA NIGGA || 


I called you an idiot in a discord vc and yo grandmother sent me a text asking if I wanted to meet God
You got a gfuel tattoo under your armpit

You got curbstomped by ya roomate last week boy you still got a bump on the side of the head
Nigga you stole 1 basketball from target during the riots then when u got home FlightReacts knocked on your door with a vlog camera

When you sneeze you got no recoil boy you be sendin yo spit everywhere
Yo grandmas your hypeman in the McDonalds line boy, she be screamin every time you order something
Boy you was threatening during quarantine boy and when they wanted to fight you said social distancing you petty
Yo grandma harrased a lvl 100 boss in the Subway boy she would just follow that nigga and slap his ass yo grandmas a bully boy
You threw a molotov cocktail at Brawadis cause he cheated you in a HORSE game boy you ugly like shit
You got a delayed disease boy when Jahseh Onfroy died you only heard the news today and started crying boy nigga was in his living room wit tissues nigga
Yo grandma tells you bedtime stories of when she used to shove Chuck Norris into lockers boy
You so weak boy when they fight you they put ankle weights on for a challenge
Yo grandma was making fun of Wreck It Ralph during a villain conference boy
Stop it boy yo grandma kicked a horse in the chin 10,000 years ago and its descendants were giraffes boy
Yo grandma wasted 3 hours tryna communicate with Chewbacca boy 
Yo grandma got applauded by Elon Musk after introducing weed to martians nigga
Yo grandma was terrozising nerds by solving rubiks cubes while they were sleeping
Yo mom went through your phone and you had the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on speed dial
You lost both of your cousins in a Juice Wrld moshpit
Yo step father was ruthless in beyond scared straight
Your grandma sucker punched a roblox youtuber
Yo dog got sponsored by Gfuel nigga
You look up to FlightReacts nigga you are the worst basketball player in your special needs class 
Your grandma beat Sam Smith in an arm wrestling match 
Thats why FlightReacts posted a hate comment on your dad's facebook 
Yo grandma sent you a grabify link
You got suplex slammed by Carmen Cortzen from the Spy Kids
You lost a childhood friend to a snowball fight boy R.I.P Gunther 
Yo alarm clock is holocaust sound effects boy yo grandparents do not appreciate it
Yo dog got in an argument with Hannibal Lecter nigga                              
Yo grandma sung a sad song to a street boxer boy
Yo dog got a nice ass gaming setup nigga I looked at one of his monitors and it was a Before and After workout photo
I looked at your mom and blinked and my neck snapped boy
Yo mother challenged RiceGum to a street fight in Chinatown boy
Yo grandmothers a chiraq street legend nigga, you went to chicago with her and all the GD's dapped her up boyG
You was lurkin around yo grandmother's room and you saw a  picture frame of her changing Bruce Lee's diaper boy 
You doxed an amputee cause you didn't like how he looked boy
Yo step father is the best packer in solitary confinement boy, everytime I look at him that nigga barked
Yo grandma cheated the fitness gram pacer test boy she got first every timeYo
You secretly orchestrated a drug deal between Father Time and Mother Nature boy
Yo mom was chillin in McDonalds and something made her mad outta nowhere and next thing you know she knocked out an animal rights activist
You're such a nerd boy you got depressed cause niggas looked in your direction on VR
Yo mom went toe to toe wit the hash slingin slasher
Yo grandma force choked a grocery store clerk
Nigga PizzaHut blacklisted your house cause your grandma was performing yoga in the living room, the delivery guy was traumatized 
I shook your uncle's hand during your birthday party and I went home wit a broken wrist 
You invited me to your house and when I looked under your bed, the boogie man gave me sign language
Yo grandma was the best student in Baldis Basics

Yo grandma the quickest hand in the West boy she went toe to toe wit Clint Eastwood in her underwear boy
You got banned from TwitchCon cause you kept making eye contact with Tyler1 boy
You stomp ant hills for no reason boy you ugly like shit you got surprised when you came home wit pimples on ya feet
Your grandmother is the Faze Rug's personal barber boy she be trollin him and pushes his hairline back
You got bulletproof toenails boy they call you the Iron Foot
Yo grandma be starting beef with niggas on facebook boy and she be tellin them to mic up on discord
Known niggas I got added:

||Yusky, $pazz, goonie Jacob, xlubbers, weedo, betterkeepcalm, chinese lil tecca, kaydo, Hheyo, Ziordo,  Fatboy devo, goonie inter, kaps, Kaylaa, MoreCalls, Nordo, Servo, OG Travis (KJ), defense, datkid, babyjustice, Hak, hoodini, Mango, Lyber, Wuu, roman, baby mordo, goonie dre, GDK, CREEDO, chris payway, Yubbers, ku, Jay (jay vs ms Mary), Vhanz, $horty, isaac, aqua raps, wk1r/Eric, guap, Gee, Mory justice, Loofy, 𝐒𝐨𝐬𝐚帝✞, jaso, $oul, Toofy, Swiper, Chief Faygo aka Me | Fake list||
I cannot watch movies with ya grandma boy, I went to get popcorn and she greased it up wit her leg hairs boy
Stop talkin boy you was the biggest FTC fan so you broke FlightReacts outta guantamono bay nigga
Yo grandma is a russian sleeper agent boy, I said Golden Apple K500 and she started busting out karate moves
Shut up nigga you got kicked out of DudePerfect cause you moaned every time they did a trickshot boy
Boy your grandmothers a tryhard at Five Nights at Freddies boy, she mean mugged you gocause you interrupted her
Your grandma got the golden buzzer on Americas Got Talent from moving her ears
You looked guilty asf when the FBI busted into ya house and you had SteveWillDoit as your desktop wallpaper
  
Yo grandmother taught the whole Glee class how to wrestle
You introduced Spongebob to your grandmother and the next day she was doin the Jellyfish jam boy
Your grandmother went to court with Guava Juice cause she hates youtubers boy
When someone makes fun of you in real life boy you turn on aimbot
They call your grandma the stone at the end of the Titanic movie she had a straight face nigga
shut the fuck up nigga everytime u look at the moon at 9 o clock at night and ur earlow started growing and u said "EEEEEEK" u fucking pussy
like when ur mom got hyper active and hungry she turned to an african crep flog u lil nasty ass nigga
u take steroids and ur muscle grow on ur toe nails u little fat fuck shut the fuck up pussy
boy u discover lightning when u was trying to loud mic boy u got zipped in your mouth and u keep it like that forever boy u ugly ass hell
what? ur ugly as hell boy u met chuck norris and u said "how much wood would a wood chuck chuck if a would chuck would chuck wood" and u offended that nigga stupid ass nigga
nigga you ugly ass hell boy your mom tatood supercalifragilisticexpailidousious on her forehead boy that nigga ugly
nigga u watch too much bug fights on youtube at 4 am boy u be watching cockroaches vs beatles u weird as hell

when u met pokimane u rubbed on her head and said "guackamoli penis" and u tried acting funny stupid ass nigga
nigga yo dad was about to get the employee of the month but he has a long as name his name was demetrius demarcus bartholome the third gerard jackson barckhemloe
your name is () cause you a vampire nigga you was in the chris music video "wall to wall" nigga 
my nigga i caught u masturbating to call out my name by the weekend on slowed and reverb nigga ur really goofy as hell
i caught u breaking to the dollar tree just to drink all the lighter fluid off the bic lighters nigga ur really a crackhead
you used to donate to bronny james on his twitch streams saying whens the affair with zaya wade nigga u used to offend that nigga u goofy ass nigga
get you ugly ass outta here bro there a reason ur mom left u you dirty ass boy
you used to donate to bronny james on his twitch streams saying whens the affair with zaya wade u used to offend that dirty ass boy u goofy ass hell man
My man got packed 

Boy u dumb as hell 

Boy you left the TV on when you went to sleep and when you woke up yo step dad finished the Skyrim storyline for you

You like school so much boy the only reason you go to school everyday is because Tyler the Creator is your lunch lady

 I caught u masturbating to call out my name by the weekend on slowed and reverb ur really goofy as hell

you threw a molotov cocktail at Brawadis cause he cheated you in a HORSE game boy you ugly like shit


when u met pokimane u rubbed on her head and said "guackamoli penis" and u tried acting funny stupid ass 

you used donate to bronny james on his twitch streams saying whens the affair with zaya wade u used to offend that dirty ass boy u goofy ass hell man

1: you bout fat as hell your titties go down to your knee caps
2: you play professional freeze tag
3: you got tap dancing crickets on your shoulders
4: you keep lucky charms in your pocket for good luck
5: you play hopscotch with your grandma
6: you was in a Mexican standoff with a cockroach
7: your moms titties look like fortune cookies 
8: you got scissor kicked by a nigga in a wheel chair
9: you catch grasshoppers with your teeth weird ass nigga

:FireBloodRed: BLAZE THAT NIGGA :FireBloodRed: 

1: your mom got back flipping iguanas drinking apple juice in her living room

2: you farted on bill nye the science guy and he made a video of undiscovered gas by it you dirty as shit 

3: you be capturing crickets and ripping their limbs off nigga u weird like shit

4: you was on on Instagram getting lined up by a cricket with a credit card

5: you got 2 cockroaches  playing beyblade beside your bed like shit they were like 3 2 1 let it rip retarded ass nigga 

6: your mom started doing BMX tricks on a laundry bag she weird as shit

7: you went to the crusty crabs just to get slap boxed by the secret formula in the back of your neck you weird like shit 

8: your mom's diabolical she be eating snails and slugs in the bathroom her lil dirty ass 

9: you  got robbed for 10 thousand V bucks cause you couldn't beat ninja in a build battle you dumb as shit

10: your auntie goes to the water park just to throw subway sandwiches at people she weird like shit 

11: you slapped  your brother in the head because he stole ya lollipop you weird as shit 

12: your grandma was crip walking in the bathroom then she slipped and broke her back 

13: you the only fat nigga i know who can do brawlhalla combos with their titties you weird as shit

14: you be throwing rocks and pebbles up in the air and catching it with the back of your neck dumb ass nigga

___________
SUPER FUNNY
-----------

` boy last time you farted you shot yo grandma in the head cuz u though she was GD


` tell me why u was playin 2k21 and you startin shootin very lates cuz yo nigga jaquavious nutted in yo eye


`i caught this nigga drinkin water out of a lake in minecraft


`Yo Moms a braniac she got an A+ in astrophysics


`Your moms notorious for slappin biggie smalls with a cheese slice


`My nigga i cant take you serious you got jumped for claiming blood when u was a latin king


`no nigga try again tell me why i caught you wearing a referee shirt to a 
bible study thinking you can host a packin session nigga


`nigga i cant take your mom anywhere boy, she went to the back of the mcdonalds and ordered
a travis scott meal in polish


`that shit was unfunny nigga tell me why i caught you taking the nether portal hitting the 
renegade tryna get to the musium where anthony davis's great grandma died stupid ass nigga


`you went to a birthday party i caught you playing just fortnite with your 92nd year old grandpa


`almost funny except for the fact i caught you jerking off with hand sanitizer while tryna stay safe from kidney failue my nigga


`bro mar tryna fuck with yo mom and he took a whiff of that pussy and said "ewwwwww" "picture"


`you built like a blueface freestyle my nigga you off beat as shit boi


`everyone thought they caught big foot my nigga 360 gz made a video giving bigfoot a haircut and it was yo grandpa my nigga


`Yo mom was locked up in federal prison for attempting second degree murder on thomas the train my nigga


`Yo grandma got kicked out of a lyric lemonade video cause she kept summoning dead rappers


`Yo grandma got jumped for playing with a dead body in 64th n king drive oBLOCK BANG BANG


` This Nigga you woke up and saw juice wrld and thought he came back from the dead only to find out you got killed
by mar during a home invasion

` I HEAR THE DOUBLE CHIN CLAPPIN THROUGH THE SCREEN NIGGA, I SMACKED YA MOMMA 
ASS AND GOT arrested FOR GUNSHOTS U DUMBASS NIGGA

___________
Almost FUNNY
-----------

`nigga tell me why you get ptsd everytime you see a muslim transgender downtistic girraffe with a afro boy ugulah


That was ass nigga you made a clone of yourself using a easythread digital mini 3D printer boy just so you could use him to complete the easteregg on the Moon map on Black Ops 3 Zombies nigga you ugly as shit

That's why yo ass got LED Lights in yo Toshiba Microwave boy and yo ass be barbecuing jello in that shit with sprinkles on top boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass nigga that's why whenever you lose a match of brawlhalla you sneeze in one of yo amazon basics kids storage organizer bins boy you nasty as fuck

Yup nigga and that's why yo Acer Aspire 5 Slim Laptop shuts down whenever you get the hick-ups boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin to me

That's was ass boy that's why yo 65 inch crystal UHD series samsung Smart TV malfunctions whenever someone steps on yo balcony boy you dumb as fuck stop talkin nigga

Yeah nigga that's why yo phone died in chemistry class boy and you tried to charge it with a professional 5-pin USB MIDI cable and it made yo phone get frost bite boy you dumb as fuck

Yup nigga and that's why you bought a digital alarm clock with wooden electronic LED time display just so you could wake up in case you have a nightmare nigga you dumb as fuck boy

That's why you had to buy a Clear point Elite 0.7millimeter mechanical pencil starter kit because yo best friend stole yo Number 2 pencil during the EOC exams boy you stupid as fuck

That was ass nigga you got a Wilson NFL Super Grip Football just sitting in yo garage boy cuz yo great grandfather played on the Washington Redskins back in the old days boy you ugly as fuck

Nope nigga you got a blue summer sky scented premium yankee candle sitting on yo night stand boy because the smell helps you have lucid dreams nigga you weird as fuck 

That was ass nigga you got a 13 foot long lava lamp just sitting in the middle of yo room boy and yo ass be using that shit as a stripper pole nigga fuck is you talkin bout nigga

That was ass boy you got a Enno Vatti Movies Scratch off Poster stapled to yo ceiling in yo room boy and yo ass be looking up at that shit before you go to bed so you can be inspired to do big things in life dumb ass boy fuck is you sayin

Shut up nigga yo poor ass got a HD Full Screen Welmax galaxy Note 9 screen protector on yo iPhone 4 se boy and whenever you try and play a mobile game yo fingers get cuts and scratches on it boy you dumb as fuck

Nope nigga you got colorful high quality assorted balloons just floating in yo shower boy because the gravity in yo bathroom is reversed nigga you dumb as fuck

No boy yo ass got a K11 Foldable stereo tangle-free headset just sitting in yo laundry room because you don't like hearing the clothes wrestle eachother in the dryer nigga you weird as fuck

Nope nigga you got 17 stacks of multipurpose printer paper sitting on top of yo TV just so you can make feedbacks of every tv show you watch boy you dumb as fuck

Nope you carry a Lasko Portable Electric 42 inch Tower Fan in yo left pocket just in case yo kidneys collaps from heat failure nigga you dumb as fuck

That was ass boy you got a leather padded adjustable office chair in yo bath tub just incase yo knee caps get tired when you take a shower boy you weak as fuck nigga

You tried to fuck a old navy mannequine and broke yo dick in half and tried to fuck two e-girls at the same time and got STD's in yo cab muscles boy what are u sayin boy

Uhuh nigga that's why ya mom got charmin ultra soft booty cheeks boy whenever i smack her ass it dont even make clap noizez nigga it just exfoliates nigga you dumb as shit


That's why yo dumb ass father cut yo mattress in half and turned it into a bunk bed for yo step couzins nigga and then yo cousins beat yo ass cuz you failed Chimestry class with a 37% 


Uhuh nigga ya mother is a level 10 warrior nigga and she trains zobies to clip her toe nails with safety sizzors boy you ugly as fuck


Thats why yo family host annual hot potato matches with highly explosive C4s and it landed on you and you died with yo left eye ball hangin out yo right knee kap and yo hairline tranzfused to yo eyelazhes nigga you ugly az fuck


What nigga you put orange juice in yo convertible sports car cuz you couldn't afford gas you broke bitch and yo parents work for a crayola crayon and sea food company nigga you dumb as shit


That's why yo girl friend was in the lofi hip hop radio live stream simping to anime weebz for robux nigga you dumb as shit


Mhm nigga i caught you in a boogie with da hooidie's Drowning music video playing the acoustic piano with yo pinkie toe tied to yo elbows nigga you dumb as shit


Nigga you challenged Kirito from sword art online to a sword fight battle and he slit your neck open and your nasty ass mother sucked all the blood out yo body like a fuckin vampire nigga you ugly as shit


You put bear traps in the shower in jail just in case you drop the soap so Big Dick Jamal don't try yo sexuality nigga you ugly as shit


You went inside the Transporter in Henry Danger because yo knee caps got stolen by Dr. EggMan my nigga you dumb as shit


Uhuh nigga you used to binge watch robot chicken at 1 in the morning waiting for yo bed sheets to dry because you still piss on yoself my nigga you weird as shit


Nigga ya shadow don't even fuck with you cuz it has to grow whenever yo fat ass decide to eat 5 big macs in 3 seconds nigga you fat as shit

That's why you bashed yo teeth out with a hammer and tried to sell yo teeth to the tooth fairy and she scammed you nigga


You get frostbites when you wake up cuz you sleep naked with yo fan on full power nigga 


You sneak into people houses just to steal they crayola crayons just to duo draw a rainbow with ya nephew nigga


You the best barber in the world boa you slap niggas necks before you give them gecko haircuts nigga


You a real life fortnite chararcter nigga when someone kills you everything you own just gon float above yo body and niggas gon come pick it up nigga


Yo mother grounded you because you put yo bed sheets around yo 50 inch 4K Roku TV nigga

Nigga you walked into a chinese resturant and the cashier politely asked you to change yo skin color boy

Ass nigga DenisDaily sent you a friend request on roblox and then he blocked you because you kept following him in his adopt me servers nigga you dumb as fuck

Yo dumb ass knew you had photosinsitive epilepsy so you flickered a flash light at yo left eye ball and you had a seizure on top of the key at a basketball court nigga they picked you up and threw you to the grass to continue they game cuz they didn't give a fuck about you nigga

Nigga you ran an olympic race and tripped over a nacho cheese doritos bag and split yo scalp open and yo brains splattered far enough to reach the finish line and you won the race nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga yo principal got emotional during a speach for all the freshmans boy, and he started loud micing the audience to get his point accross nigga 3/4th of the audience walked out that bitch with hearing loss and ear barotrauma symptoms boy you dumb as fuck

Nigga you was in a star wars roleplay game on roblox boy, and an administrator banned you because you was roleplaying as Darth Vadar with a Jedi outft on nigga you dumb as fuck

That was ass nigga ya father raised you in an arabian desert boy you made a living by training camals how to moon-walk nigga you stupid as fuck

Nigga ya mom was known back in 2018 because she was the best stripper in VRChat boy she used to give discounts for her lapdances to whoever had the most expensive VR headset nigga you stupid as fuck 

Nigga that's why yo grandma gave you a life lesson on alcohol abuse boy, because she caught you having a hangover inside of a bouncy house nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you tried to recreate the meatloaf from Johnny Test for a youtube video and got 674 dislikes because you made them watch all 2 hours of the cooking process nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you met H2ODelirious in a GTA 5 Online server and he gave you a free farrari because he felt bad that you died to a padestrian nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you was number 1 on the leaderboard in a agario server and got tricksplit by the TYT clan nigga you stupid as shit

No nigga you ran away from home yesterday evening and got chased around yo neighborhood by an armadillo boy you stupid as fuck

That was ass nigga ya great great grandfather starred as the main antagonist in the Michael myers movie in 1981 boy you dumb as fuck

Nigga you was cutting yo toe nails and you was on the last toe and yo clippers broke cuz yo toe nails got level 10 strength nigga


Uhuh nigga that's why you got pulled over by the police because the smell of cannabis was coming off yo tires nigga

Yo dumb ass got a gun for the first time and starting holdin that shit like you was death the kid from soul eater nigga be pulling the trigger with his pinkie finger boy you ugly as fuck

Leafy is here made a reaction video to you doing the ice bucket challenge and he called you a weirdo and when you seen the video you suffocated yoself with syrup nigga you dumb as fuck

Wanna know how to father died? That dumb ass nigga was an astronaunt and he forgot to put his space helmet on before stepping on the moon and he suffocated from a lack of oxygen nigga ya father dumb as fuck

Yo dumb ass shot up yo highschool because the lunch lady didn't put pepporoni's on yo pizza nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga yo dumb ass use a jumpshot when you  bowling nigga you stupid as fuck boy 

Nigga you put make-up on yo dick to make yo shit look like it got veins on it boy you ugly as fuck

Shut up nigga you got bullied in highschool boy, so you joined Dr. EggMan to try and eradicate the entire planet and then yo stupid ass got defeated by Ben 10, dumb ass boy

Uhuh and you was in canada and found a zimbabwe zebra dick.. with ketchup on it... and salt.. dumb ass boy and you licked it off because you got horny from it nigga you weird as fuck

That's why broly from dragon ball z hit you with an eraser cannon and called you trash... dumb ass nigga and then saitama hit you with a serious punch and yo front tooth came out and it cracked open as soon as it touched the ground dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

Uhuh and yo ugly ass smell like gorilla elbow juice... with mustard on it.. dumb ass boy and you went fishing in the Ishikari River in Japan and got assassinated by a nigga in a Orochimaru costume my nigga you dumb as fuck

You the first person in the world to kick down window shields in the suburbs on range rovers dumb ass boy you tilted yo head up down and then to the left and you entered 3rd person mode in real life dumb ass boy you solved a rubiks cube by flipping it upside down dumb ass boy you ugly as shit

Nigga Roman muted you in VC3 because you was e-sleeping with Loofy dumb ass boy and then Kevin Hart DM'ed you in afghanistan with a screwdriver in his ear asking if you wanted a coupon to McDonalds for a free Mc Flurry dumb ass boy you dumb as fuck nigga

Ass boy ya great great gandfather lives In Japan and he made a living by selling hair follicules to horny mexican school bus drivers on the dark web dumb ass nigga that's why you tried to sexually seduce iCarly before she was famous on top of the london bridge with a peeled banana in yo pocket dumb ass boy you stupid as fuck

Shut up nigga you and iron man made a duet piano song using a Nektar Midi Controller dumb ass boy and then spider man spit out all of his webs on yo momma bellybutton and put a fork in it and them took a bite and throw up on her toenails dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass boy that's why yo computer shuts down every night at 3 AM because the cats and the roaches be biting yo ethernet cords dumb ass boy and you got african kick boxers training yo step cousin how to ice-skate using a choo-choo train set in zimbabwe dumb ass boy

Nigga that's why you can't even clip yo toenails by yoself yo mom gotta cut yo shit with safety scissors and shape them up with obsidian abstract dumb ass nigga ya mother got 13 different kids from 8 different niggas dumb ass boy you stupid as fuck

Shut yo retarded ass up nigga you commit suicide by putting a picture frame around yo neck and hanging that bitch to a ceiling fan using an extendo clip to an AK-47 and an already used parachute my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

What boy you were born and raised in the ghetto nigga you gotta get a pot and take that bitch to yo bathroom and fill it up with water and take it back to the kitchen just to have some water to use when you wash the dishes you broke ass nigga fuck is yo dumb ass talkin bout boy you stupid as fuck

Nope nigga yo mother was on Channel 11 getting chased down by the Swat team because she was kidnapping kids by tracking they IP's through Poptropica servers bitch ass nigga you was surf boarding in yo bathroom and you wasnt even surfing in yo bath tub nigga you was surfing in yo sink dumb ass nigga

Nigga you went to sponge bob square pants house and that nigga tought you how to make a crabby patty without buns on but instead he used yo ass cheeks cuz you was gay asf and you wanted meat inside yo ass crack gay ass nigga

Stop talkin nigga Thanos and the Terminator teamed up and still couldn't beat you in a juggling competition and then they turned around and drop kicked yo knee caps cuz mustard fell fell on they eye-lashes because yo disabled ass momma tried to squirt mustard on her hot-dog and missed dumb ass nigga 

No boy that's why yo step sister gave birth to a Venus Fly Trap and she passed away instantly because the plant absorbed all of her fluid juices dumb ass boy that's why yo pet cat commited suicide by eating approximately 3.47 pounds of yo edibles that you left sitting on yo dorito bag dumb ass nigga 

Nigga you was on round 84 in a black ops 3 zombies match and you hit the box and a crawler came behind you and flicked yo left ankle and yo character fell to the ground and all you saw was the "wasted" text from GTA 5 dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

Shut up nigga Dr. Strange ran a train on your mother with all the S tier pokemon from Pokemon X and Y and when he got done he gave her a logitech keyboard to write a 10 page report of the experience on Google Documents dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

That's why you wasted 3 hours of yo life trynna learn egyptian hieroglyphics using google translator dumb ass nigga and when you found out it wasn't possible you shot up a coffe shop with a nail gun dumb ass boy you stupid as fuck

That's why you had a friend for 3 years on roblox that was a girl and when you asked her out on adopt me she reset and disconnected from the game dumb ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout that's why yo grandma is addicted to masturbating to sea weed water while she sips coffe with syrup in it nasty ass nigga

Shut up boy yo favorite beverage in the morning is irradicated chimpanzee elbow grease with pickle juice poured in it you nasty ass nigga that's why yo granddads only hobby is to beat world records on cool-math dumb ass nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga you went to the 5 guys restauraunt and got raped by 5 guys in tellitubby costumes with jigsaw pizzles stapled on they jawlines 

Nigga you commited suicide because you lost an arm wrestling match to an executive chef bitch ass nigga and you was so embarrassed that you looked up left down left left right them jumped up and down and activated a cheat code that made you invisible

Nigga all the legendary pokemon gang banged yo momma cuz she had a Ultra poke-ball boy and when they found out she wasn't a pokemon trainer they evolved

Nigga your mother was inside of a bouncy house boy, and she got 360 noskoped by a water balloon because she was in the vicinity of an ultimate water fight

Nigga what your mom was selling spaghetti flavoured meatballs in the walmart parking-lot and thought she was a genius


Nigga a venus fly trap bit yo ankle and a grape grew on yo nose approximately 3 seconds afterwards nigga you don't even use a jumpshot when you play basketball nigga all you do is throw that shit to the hoop like you throwing a fast ball 

Nigga ya dumb ass grandma stole a bisycle out of walmart just to go to the pay-out line boy because she couldn't afford 25 cents to use the electronic shopping carts nigga ur grandma broke as fuck she need a job at dairy queen boy go fill out her application for her cuz she handicapped nigga 

Nigga ya old ass grandma tripped over a trip wire and her stank ass dentures fell out her yuck ass mouth boy and she dialed 911 and all she saw was dora the explora just searching the area with a magnifying glass tryna spot them bitches dumb ass boy 

Nigga your great grandfather literally worked a nightshift job at freddy frazbear's pizzeria scared for his life boy because whenever he looked inside of the security cameras all he saw was 7 animetronics having an orgy on top of a birthday cake nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you literally have a rare disorder that makes you type faster whenever you're losing a TypeRacer match boy and whenever you get back in the lead your fingers just freeze because you surpassed your fingers physical joint limitations dumb ass boy what are you talking about

Nigga you lost your siblings to a game of freeze tag because when you tagged them you forgot to tell them to move again boy and they just stood there for 7 days straight and starved to death nigga ya family dumb as fuck boy what are you talking about

That was ass nigga your family literally hosts an anual game of connect 4 with a special rule that the first one to put a colored disc inside of the board wins nigga ya family dumb as fuck

What nigga you literally have a strange condition where yo nut sacks shribble up like dried up raisins whenever you eat a soggy french fry from McDonalds

Nigga you literally have a signiature move in competitive pac-man tournaments boy and all you do is move your joy stick up and down 4 times and your pac-man just turns into a Pac-woman boy you dumb as fuck stop talking to me

No boy you literally have a special ability to control the temperature of tap water just by making contact with yo uvula nigga you're weird as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you got hired to work with the teen titans just because you had the ultimate ability to not shed tears when you cut onions nigga and they use you to make special meals nigga your retarded as shit

Nigga what you literally grew an instant boner when you was walking around in an abandoned jungle because yo horny ass thought the branches on the trees looked like 

Horrible nigga that's why you and ya long lost puppy finally reunited with eachother for the first time in 6 years because you sold yo soul to the slender man dumb ass boy what are you talking about nigga 

Nigga huh you just mad because the niggas that constructed your house were idiots boy and they built a stair case in yo kitchen that went all the way through yo roof and into the clouds my nigga you dumb as shit you just mad cuz you aint got the stamina to climb that shit boy

What boy you literally don't even drink Lemon-aid anymore because you deadass thought it was gonna give you lemon flavoured aids nigga you're actually dumb as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you literally have a modded version of GTA 5 and whenever you get into arguments with citizens boy ya character just start using shadow clone jutsu without using any hand signs boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga your family got mad and disowned you because you instantly win Monopoly matches because your negotiating skills are just too great boy what are you talking about 

You literally got hired by NASA because you had a special disease that allowed you to breath in space boy and 2 years later you took a DNA test and when you looked at the feedback all you seen was you being 45.89% alien nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you literally co-own ya grandfathers fungus research group nigga and all you do is go in abandoned forests and bite on tree trunk dust boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin nigga

Your mom literally had a panic attack when she went to France because she thought bonjour was a secret terrorist code nigga ya mom dumb as fuck get her out of there boy

What boy for a whole 8 years of yo life boy you thought pine cones were called porcupines dumb ass boy what are you talkin about nigga your favorite animetronic in Five Nights At Freddy's is the purple guy because you thought he had the same mindset as you dumb ass nigga shut up boy

Nigga you literally co-own ya grandfathers fungus research group nigga and all you do is go in abandoned forests and bite on tree trunk dust boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin nigga

Your mom literally had a panic attack when she went to France because she thought bonjour was a secret terrorist code nigga ya mom dumb as fuck get her out of there boy

What boy for a whole 8 years of yo life boy you thought pine cones were called porcupines dumb ass boy what are you talkin about nigga your favorite animetronic in Five Nights At Freddy's is the purple guy because you thought he had the same mindset as you dumb ass nigga shut up boy

Nigga Drake literally hired you as the editor in his Hotline Bling music video boy because he thought your edits on VanossGamings deathrun videos were exquisit nigga fuck up talking to me you're retarded nigga

Nigga your fat ass grandma literally made a wish to the holy grail from fate/zero boy and her one and only wish was to summon a forbidden floppy sea spider nigga and when she seen that shit her heart rate jumped to 0 and she died boy you're ugly as shit stop talking to me

Nigga that's why yo laptops internal webcam drivers are corrupted and have viruses in them nigga and whenever you turn on yo camera in discord calls all you see is a McDonalds McGriddle wrapper with staples in it nigga you ugly as fuck

That was terrible nigga ya rich ass parents have a robot that automatically ties your shoes and that shit malfunctioned and went inside yo foot and tied yo bones together dumb ass nigga

Terrible boy yo dumb ass spent 300$ for a tattoo of an internet symbol on yo forehead and cursed that tattoo with a magic curse and you thought you was gon have cellular data on yo forehead like shit boy you dumb as fuck

That was ass nigga you literally went to McDonalds just to steal all the ketchup packets from behind the counter because ya mom got a strange addiction to the scent of ketch-up nigga ya mom weird as fuck stop talkin to me boy

That was ass boy you broke your mouse to your keyboard so you went into an abandoned forest and found a mice and took it home and killed it and froze it in a freezer and used it as a mouse to your PC and it had 800 DPI nigga you weird as fuck stop talking to me nigga

That was terrible my nigga your mom is the most known Los Vegas drug dealer in the city because she laces her weed with sea salt my nigga you dumb as fuck 

Terrible nigga your father was notorious back in 2004 because he was in the Guinesse world record for having the strongest pinkie finger my nigga he strong as shit

Now I'm finna bake yo ass boy you came out the womb with pure white hair boy because your mom dated a nigga with a strange adiction to mayonasse and he used to put that shit in her coochie and leave it in there for 3 days while she was pregnant with you nasty ass boy you stupid as shit

Terrible nigga you literally wrote a 10 paragraph essay to a tech support scammer just so he wouldn't expose your information to a doxxing website boy you ugly as fuck 

Ass boy you literally have the worlds slowest internet nigga you tried to download GTA 5 overnight and you slept for 9 hours and when you woke up the download progress was only 0.2% completed nigga i dont wanna hear any of that shit

What boy your mom is an olympic dare devil boy she unbuckled her seat belt on a roller coaster and did a cart wheel onto the tracks and tripped and fell right next to a concession stand and the first thing she did when she got up was order a bun-less hotdog boy ya mom dumb as fuck boy stop talking to me

Nigga your mom is an invasive cardiologist boy and when she was working on her patient she spit on his heart and stitched his chest back together and he woke up with a saliva fetish dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

That was ass your mom is notorious in south sudan for voice acting Perry the Platypus from Phineas and Ferb boy you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you got a bar code on the back of yo neck you dumb ass nigga and the cashiers in walmart be scanning that shit and charging 25$ for them to slap the back of yo neck like shit boy

Boy you probably spinning on yo head right now on yo carpet while juggling 3 cheeto crumbs on yo finger tips like shit boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga you was hitting the duggy for 10 minutes and you legs dont even hurt yet... you're immortal nigga 

Nigga you seen your mom for the first time in two months and all you did was show her a video of an empty cereal box for 5 minutes and she looked at you and smiled dumb ass boy 

You just mad because you sleep with your friend on a air mattress in his laundry room you fat ass boy stop talking to me nigga

Nigga you and your two best friends used your moms underwear as sling shot to shoot crab apples at Shaquille O'Neals Truck nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga your mom told you to purposely get your shoe sucked into an elevator so you could sue the mall boy ya mom deevious as shit boy 

What boy ya foreskin strong as shit boy you survived world war 2 back in 1987 by stretching yo foreskin around yo entire body cuz it was bullet proof dumb ass boy you dumb as fuck

Mhm your sister is known in East Alaska because she ended the Cold War with a hot air blow dryer she just turned that bitch on and aimed it at every soldier and they just turned civilized nigga you weird as fuck

Nigga you just mad cuz yo mother gave birth to you in a haunted house in six flags boy and she got scared and screamed so loud that you sling shotted out her coochie like shit fat ass boy

Nigga you got an erection inside of the hyperbolic time chamber and yo meat evolved into a screw driver and you cried and yo tears went through yo body like a bullet because the gravity was too strong dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad because yo retarded ass grandma put yo sharingan eye contacts in the toaster because she thought it was gon improve the quality of the lenses dumb ass nigga

Nigga your mom literally went to the zoo just to see what armadillo dick smelled like ya mom weird as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you just mad because yo weird ass father is the only nigga in the world to have an addiction to tricking underaged girls to lick his birth mark dumb ass nigga your father is a rapist nigga you dumb as fuck

Mhm your best friend Jacob stapled a ceiling fan on his neck so he wouldn't sweat during gaming that fat ass jaw breaker body built ass nigga is yo friend and your identical to him you ugly dumb ass nigga

You just mad cuz yo momma got tag teamed by Fanboy and Chumchum in a WWE championships match and they used the famous Double crucifix powerbomb combo on yo grandma in the audience dumb ass boy

Nigga you just mad because you had to put a gucci belt around yo socks because yo feet was small asf and couldn't fit the sock... small foot ass boy

That was horrible nigga you you can't even jump rope properly because you have no hand-eye coordination nigga you dumb as fuck

Terrible nigga you hired Ash ketchum to make Pikachu use thunder bolt on yo knee caps to make you run faster dumb ass boy you ugly as shit 

Nigga ya retarded ass grandma used a needle and yarn to try and make you a MCM Back pack out of Beluga whale skin dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

Mhm was that before or after your grandma went trick or treating and she got tricked... dumb ass boy what are you talking about nigga

Nigga you literally have LED lights around yo mirror in yo room and you use that shit as a Ring Light whenever you record videos for youtube you bum ass broke ass poor ass bitch 

Nigga you're a competitive bop-it player whenever the bop-it says "I'm going to sleep!" you get depressed and you start listening to 1980's hip hop radio beats  dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad cuz Ed Edd and Eddy jumped yo grandma at Wal-Mart on black friday because she was tryna steal they cucumber ball dumb ass boy 

That was terrible nigga you just mad because you have a crush on Widget from Wow Wow Wubbzy weird ass nigga whenever you see her on TV you kiss yo screen.. stank ass nigga

You just mad because yo grandma woke up from a coma thinking she was NBA Younger Boy dumb ass bo ya grandma stupid as fuck 

Nigga ya mom got dissociative personality disorder boy and whenever she gets in her feelings she just starting dancing on top of the fridgerator thinking she a stripper dumb ass boy

What nigga yo freak ass grandma wrote a love note to the cookie monster because she thought he could eat pussy dumb ass boy you and ya grandma dumb as fuck

You just mad because whenever ya mom drive you to school she be bopping her head to the Magic Schoolbus sound-track ugly ass nigga fuck wrong with you

Nigga your mom is a supernatural deep dungeon miner my nigga she can find cobblestone and ancient artifacts at ease boy you dumb as shit

Nigga you got creamated with an ancient necklace worn by Lady Ezdeath in a ritual that the tellitubies casted on you because they didn't like the size of your adams apple dumb ass nigga what are you talking about

Nigga your mom tilted her head to the right by 4 inches and dodged a Barrett M82 Sniper shot and she just walked away with piss running down her pants because she really didn't mean to do that shit boy you dumb as fuck

Your mom is an undiscovered species of spit you ugly ass boy that's why whenever she wash dishes her hand starts dissolving into the water like shit stop talking to me nigga

Whenever you vaccuum yo floor you get turned on because the only thing you can thing of is that the vaccuum cleaner is sucking up the floor you weird ass nigga stop talking to me

The only reason you where jackets is because you got eyes popping out yo arm because you're secretly Danzo from Naruto Shippuden my nigga you dumb as shit

You best friend had sex with hillary clinton when she was 19 years old and he was 14 and he posted it on his instagram account which hillary clintons mother followed and she got in trouble my nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad cuz whenever you want to go to your neighborhood basketball court you get bullied by everyone there because you always wear high heels when you play my nigga you gay as shit

Nigga your great great grandmother is an assistant manager in Chucky Cheese just because she wanted to steal the fabric used to make the chucky cheese costume she weird as fuck

Your grandpa is a sexually deprived middle aged sex slave that wandered out of Zimbabwe with a fresh hair cut because he got edged up by a wood pecker using it's beek dumb ass nigga stop talking to me 

Nigga your mom is the best garbage truck driver in the USA because shes used to smelling like shit all day because she lives under the london bridge in a oversized sewage pipe my nigga you dumb as shit

Your next door neighbor is a pedophile he snuck into your house yesterday and raped your mom and the very next morning he gave you a sinister smirk like shit stop talking to me

Nigga you checked your clock and it went from 9 am to 6 am because you're secretly the main character of re:zero my nigga you dumb as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga your grandma is evil he used to beat up ichigo because he got his powers dumb ass nigga and that's why yo teeth shaped like dinner plates my nigga you dumb as fuck

Stop talking to me nigga your father got plastic surgery on his bellybutton because he was insecure about his outie my nigga he ugly as shit 

Nigga your mother is a national profesional dare devil my nigga she jumped off of the london bridge with a baby in her hands and landed unharmed my nigga she weird as shit

Nigga ya step sister is a professional prostitute my nigga she maked niggas toes curl up just by touching they chakra points my nigga stop talking to me

Nigga you lost your older brother to a food fight in middle school because he said the lunch ladies spatula was dirty my nigga you dumb as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga your brother is a professional photographer my nigga he gets on his knees tilts his head to the right moves his ankle 3 inches left and the pictures comes out in 10-80p my nigga you dumb as shit

You used OBS studio just to screen-record yourself beating the roblox tower of hell obby and you failed on a lava jump trash ass nigga

Nigga ya mom put a clothe hangers around her her neck and hanged it in the closet as a weird way to commit suicide dumb ass nigga

Fuck no nigga yo mom got boxed up by 2-chains in the white house when she tried to apply to be the president of the US and donald trumps daughter threw a mouse trap at her and she died fuck is wrong with you nigga

Yo mom got crossed up by a sidestep on a MCM basketball court and she landed on a moldy subway sandwhich from amsterdams bathroom stall bitch ass nigga fuck is wrong with you

Yo mother has a strange adiction to doing her make-up with crayola crayons my nigga she walk out the bathroom lookin like wrinkles the clown ugly ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout

Yo mom taught you a secret technique passed down through generations and it was to run fortnite at 300 FPS by plugging yo ethernet cord straight inside of an electrical outlet dumb ass nigga fuck is u talkin bout

Yo older sister has a lemonade stand in her house and her only customers is her two kids Johnny and Steven and they both yo cousins ugly ass bitch fuck is you sayin

Nigga you the only nigga in the world that has the ability to use chop-sticks to drink soup my nigga fuck is you talkin about you perfectly balance the liquid on top of the chop stick and when you fail ya grandma smacks you on the back of yo neck with a spongebob action figure my nigga you ugly as fuck

You just mad because yo barber was high one day and lined you up with a iPhone 5 screen protector stop talkin to me nigga fuck is wrong with you

Nigga yo cousin got reincarnated by a forbiden jutsu from Naruto and when she got reincarnated she had the sharingan on her toenails dumb ass boy she got deformed while being reincarnated how the fuck you do that shit ugly ass boy

Nigga you tongue kiss yo grandma belly button every night at 3:38 pm just so she can teach you how to be a professional bop-it player dumb ass boy stop talking to me nigga

You just mad cuz yo local dentist accidentally used a weed eater to trim to teeth nigga and you walked out that bitch lookin like Jeff The Killer you ugly bitch stop talking to me nigga

Fuck up nigga you sucker punched yo grandma because she didn't give you an extra jolly rancher after you cleaned her arm-pits for her dumb ass nigga stop talkin to me bitch

Nigga yo ex girl friend broke up with you because yo birth mark was on yo dick tip nigga she thought you was deformed you fuck face ass bitch stop talking to me

Fuck up nigga you wasted 2 years of your life mastering the art of scuba diving just to see the bakini bottom dumb ass nigga stop talking to me you stupid as fuck

What boy you just mad because you live in a world where twisting right on a bottle actually loosens it my nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga yo mom went on a mission to deep throat all 44 of the U.S.  presidents by using Susan and Mary tests time machine from Johnny Test dumb ass boy fuck is you sayin

Nigga yo dyke ass mom got plastic surgery to change her face into a ant eater so she could eat pussy better ugly ass bitch stop talking to me weird ass boy fuck is wrong with you

nigga yo mom is the fastest typer in the world boy she types with her hands upside down typing with her knuckles my nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga your mother is the best cook in the world she can turn dirt and rusty iron into a top tier resturaunt lasagna my nigga she weird as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga yo grandma is the worst picture taker in the world because her vision is terrible she was 2 inches away from a person and tried to take a picture of them and she accidentally took a picture of the sun, stupid ass boy fuck is u talking about

My nigga yo brother is the best dish washer in the world my nigga she washes dishes with her tongue she nasty as fuck

Nigga you the only nigga I know that can take shits and they internal organs come out my nigga now that's what I call a shitty condition stupid ass boy

Nigga you use shoe box paper as tissue when u wipe yo ass because you like the friction, weird ass nigga what are you talking about you just mad cuz yo bathroom sink malfunctions and turns into a black hole whenever you turn the fossit on, dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga yo ass was milly rocking in a new york city half price refridgerator because yo dick was musty and you thought the fridge would freeze the smell in place stupid ass boy

That's why yo momma got a slushy blender that actually turns slushies back into fruit boy that shit makes fruit go back in time nigga you ugly as shit

What boy me and my mom was in the supermarket shopping for chips on isle 7 boy and all we seen was you and ya grandma stealing 47 bags of cool ranch doritos boy fuck is wrong with you

What boy your grandma got hearing aids and works at a fast food resturaunt boy i asked for a Double quarter pounder cheese burger and she just gave me a blueberry flavoured slushie boy that shit was terrible 

What boy you just mad cuz yo stupid ass father got caught selling coke to 7 year olds at a get-together boy

What boy you got a dual wield mouse and keyboard just so you be a pro gamer boy you is terrible nigga

Nigga what ya mom got a 800,000 dollar carpet in her bathroom that absorbs dust particles my nigga and everytime you step on that shit you become jesus for 8 seconds ugly ass nigga fuck is wrong with you

What boy yo grandparents used to have hardcore BDSM anal sex in the trunk of they 1957 Volkwagen boy you is nasty as shit nigga

Shut up nigga you wasted 7 years of your life trying to master the ancient technique to dry your hands off with one piece of toilet paper my nigga you stupid as shit

Shut up nigga you just mad cuz yo fat ass got slapped upside yo head by yo mom and yo double chin transfused to yo neck you ugly bitch stop talking to me boy

Shut the fuck up nigga you kidnapped a 14 year old boy in Massachusettes boy just to steal his 745 Gigabytes of downloaded Teen TItans Go porn my nigga you nasty as shit

What boy your mom has dual wield TV remotes just so she can switch channels quickly when you come in her room unexpectedly boy you ugly as shit 

Nigga you wasted 300 dollars just to buy a fake MCM screwdriver off of amazon boy you was so mad when you opened the package and all you saw was bubble wrap and nothing else boy you ugly as shit

Nigga your mom has a MCM back-bone strapped gucci bra that make her titties turn into flint-stone nigga you ugly as shit 

Nigga your step dad was trapped inside of the lost and found storage in yo middle school P.Ee. class because he was tryna steal all the lost Physical education wardrobes nigga yo dad poor as fuck

Shut up nigga yo knee caps dont even bend forward they bend backwards because you have a severe case of type 2 Genu recurvatum
because yo grandma was getting gang banged when you was in her womb and the dick tips was hitting yo chakra points ugly ass boy

that was uncontrollably terrible my nigga you snuck into the pokemon universe just to get a sample of charizards tail flames boy, you ugly like fuck and when you got back to the lab that bitch exploded with a 47 mile radius my nigga and caused a global warming bitch ass nigga im on yo ass boy

Nigga you quit playing on yo toshiba laptop computer my nigga boy  because you bumped yo head on concrete and lost all yo muscle memory of every key on yo keyboard my nigga you stupid as fuck

Naw that shit was terrible you got sexually frustrated while playing Clicker Heroes boy because yo thumb went numb dumb ass nigga what are you talking about

What boy you filed a law suit against amazon because they sold you a Flatscreen TV with the power button in the middle of the screen my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

What boy yo mom fell asleep during her Americas got talent piano performance my nigga boy and she forgot the song she was gonna play and hit sustain and played the D3 key and accidentally started playing the Yu-Gi-Oh opening theme song my nigga you ugly as fuck

Shut the fuck up my nigga you got banned from a updated Wizard 101 server cuz you tried to inject Cheat Engine bitch ass nigga and as soon as you 

What boy ya grandma got assassinated by George Washington the 73rd cuz he caught her masturbating with a plastic fork that she used to eat creamy chicken ramen noodles my nigga she nasty as fuck stop talking to me

What boy? I looked in my peripheral vision and all I seem was ya grandma shakin ass to PrettyBoyFredo's OPP Pack Music Video my nigga you ugly like fuck stop talking to me

What boy? You was the impostor on among us and killed someone in front of a group of people and convinced them that it was just a suicide my nigga you genius as shit 

Nigga you made a A+ on yo Egyptian Hieroglyphics quizzlet test and yo teacher gave you a Magnesium atom as a reward bitch ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout

What boy yo knee caps smell like caucasion seaweed dick sauce with spinach and ketchup on that shit mixed with expired milk and black pepper ugly ass boy im finna cook the shit out yo ugly ass that's why yo back boneS is connected to yo front tooth because yo family sealed the 9 tailed fox chakra inside of yo elbows and it reconstructed yo exo-skeleton bitch ass nigga finna cook the shit out of you boy

What boy you got mad because you was tryna learn how to cook mac and cheese and you searched "How to make mac and cheese" on youtube and found a HowToBasic video and watched 3 minutes of it and ya house caught on fire because he told you to throw eggs at yo microwave and yo oven bitch ass stupid ass nigga fuck is wrong with you

What boy yo grandma made alligator flavored pop-sicles by fusing them bitches with dry cactus DNA ugly ass nigga fuck is wrong with yo ass boy 

Nah nigga that shit was actually terrible my nigga I was on tour with my niggas 3 months ago and caught yo ass moon walking on the calabasas tryna recreate blue face and DDG's new hit song called Moonwalking in the calabasas bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck



Nigga yo grandma got a old pair of dentures that teleport to random places in her house because she got a rare disease that makes her saliva switch deminsions nigga she weird as fuck

What boy your dad works at six flags and gets paid 93 cents a day just do spray the roller coaster tracks with clorox bleach every 347 minutes nigga you lame as shit

Nigga yo mom got a flat screen TV in her 3 story garage just so she can binge watch robot chicken while she clean out yo 4 month old mcdonalds mcgriddle bag my nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga yo step sister sold her ps4 remote control charger in exchange for a empty locos taco burrito shell because she has an addiction to using them bitches as napkins nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga yo grandma got a 3 inch tv in her closet thats dedicated to searching up videos on how to have drip by prettyboyfredo

Your doctor perscribed you a legendary set of dual wield tooth brushes because yo dirty ass got 56 different species of cavities in yo mouth my nigga you nasty as shit

What boy you survived a plane crash in south africa and as soon as you got out the plane you just took a 2 hour long shit behind a tree my nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga the chief executive leader of the Ku Klux Klan snuck into yo house my nigga just so he could put his big toe on yo lips then sneak back out my nigga you stupid as fuck

What boy you came out the womb swinging yo umbellical cord around like a cowboy rope throwin that shit at the doctors knee caps my nigga just so you could kidnap they doctors outfits because you thought that shit was stylish as fuck my nigga you ugly as shit

My nigga you got a special disease that makes you increase in height whenever you smell farts my nigga and Donald Trump found out about it and put you under solitary confinement to run tests on yo elbows my nigga you weird as shit

Stop talking nigga ya dad was the 5th president of the united states and he vetoed a bill that could've ended slavery boy your relatives are racist nigga

Nigga ya mom passed away at the cell games from Dragon Ball Z cuz a kamehameha blast scraped her forehead boy fuck is wrong with you

nope nope nope ya mom was famous in the hiden leaf village because she helped Hinata build up the courage to express her feelings towards naruto like shit boy you ugly as shit stop talkin to me 

Nigga yo step dad tripped and fell off the london bridge because a legendary pokemon was biting his Gucci shoe strings because they was unties because that nigga don't even know how to tie his shoe strings nigga fuck is wrong with ya family boy 

You the only nigga I know that thought Justin Bieber was an unknown species of bievers dumb ass boy stop talking to me nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga shut up your father is the second best uno player in the world he magically gets 18 draw 4 cards in a single match because he makes special ancient lucky prayers to the Giene from the arabian knights like shit boy you ugly as fuck

Nigga PewDiePie made a reaction video to you fingering yo booty hole with a 3d printed discord logo and he disliked the video and reported it to youtubes email dumb ass boyyou ugly as fuck


Nigga you just mad because yo step sister literally closed her left eye and opened it and it turned into an incomplete rinnegan that niggas ancestors from 3000 years ago was Itachi's uncle my nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga the number in yo discord tag stands for how many times you've gotten yo ass beat in Middle School my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga you that one dude that slap boxes in High School and get mad whenever a nigga weave you left hook yo ass get to kicking niggas ugly ass boy

Fuck no boy you paid 800$ just to get the level 20 role dumb ass boy fuck is wrong with you

Yo fat ass grandma drink all the bacon grease out the pan as an appetizer before she eat breakfast fat ass bitch fuck is wrong with you

Fuck up nigga you perfectly place plastic cups in yo ear thinking you hearing the ocean dumb ass boy thought he had a sea shell nigga dumb as fuck 

Fuck up nigga yo momma masturbates with an oragami dildo she made out of copy paper my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me



Your jewish father stapled a cucumber to his ear because he wanted to try out for the Zimbabwe Nambya tribe my nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me

Nigga ya mom farted on the statue of liberaty and it instantly started molding my nigga you nasty as shit stop talking to me nigga

Nigga you just mad because yo number 2 pencil snapped during yo End Of Course assessments in yo 7th grade chemistryclass  like shit my nigga you dumb as shit

Nigga ya mom got kicked out of a top tier mc donalds resturant because she jumped over the counter and grabbed every ketch-up packet and stuffed it in her bullet proof MCM purse my nigga you dumb as shit 


Nigga I looked at yo grandma laptop and I went to her bookmarks and all I seen was a youtube video titled "How To Bookmark For Beginners" dumb ass bitch what are you talking about

Terrible nigga ya mom got a magic washing machine boy she put a empty gatorade bottle in it and it turned into a filled powerade bottle stupid ass weird ass nigga fix ya house 

You just mad cuz yo ex girlfriend left you when she found out she had more robux than you broke ass boy stop talking to me

Nigga ya grandmas daughter taught Michael jackson how to moon walk with sketchers on back in 1987 dumb ass nigg fuck is you saying to me nigga

Nigga your mom is dumb as fuck she an ancient believer that theirs eleventy-seven numbers in the alphabet stupid ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout

Nigga you literally are 100% prepared for a zombie apocolypse because you thought you was gon recreate the plants vs zombies game and grow 900 million plants and inject random super powers in each plant just to survive like shit nigga you're retarded as fuck

You're literally weird as fuck nigga you eat oreos by taking an oreo and cutting that shit in 4 pieces with a kitchen knife then tossing that bitch in yo mouth like it's some skittles like shit nigga you retarded as fuck

Nigga your mother was literally main actress in a winter roleplay survival adventure game cenctered around the colonization of Quebec boy you ugly as fuck stop talkin

Nigga your mom is literally known in the white house because she deep throated 7 of the U.S. presidents nigga ya mom is a federal thot fuck is you sayin nigga

You literally got kicked out of a London tea party because you was listening to rap music at the V.I.P. dinner tables nigga you dumb as fuck stop talking


Nigga Drake literally hired you as the editor in his Hotline Bling music video boy because he thought your edits on VanossGamings deathrun videos were exquisit nigga fuck up talking to me you're retarded nigga

Nigga your fat ass grandma literally made a wish to the holy grail from fate/zero boy and her one and only wish was to summon a forbidden floppy sea spider nigga and when she seen that shit her heart rate jumped to 0 and she died boy you're ugly as shit stop talking to me

Nigga that's why yo laptops internal webcam drivers are corrupted and have viruses in them nigga and whenever you turn on yo camera in discord calls all you see is a McDonalds McGriddle wrapper with staples in it nigga you ugly as fuck


Shut up nigga that's why you're best friends with Jimmidy Cricket because you made strange noises with him late at night 

Nigga you was on rediculousness because you did a back flip off of a swing set and yo neck landed on a porcupine and that shit scratched yo Thyroid then you threw up seasoned salt cuz you ate steak in the morning

Nigga you went to jacob sartoriouses concert just to steal his water bottle and use that shit when you get in the shower and you thought you was gon get tik tok famous

Nigga you paid approximately 125,224 dollars just to install cameras in yo eyes so you could take pictures of notes so you could cheat on tests and you still failed every class because the quality of the images were too low to read

Nigga all yo class mates call you and your best friend carl the king of the cafeteria because yall be eating yall lunches in approximately 2 bites boy

Shut up nigga your closet is an actual machine that turns niggas gay fuck is you talkin bout they walk in that bitch and walk out and then they dick turn into a vagina dumb ass nigga that's why yo ceiling made out of copy paper and that shit don't even last 2 days and yo parents pay 200 a month to get that shit fixed dumb ass boy

Nigga you was in yo front yard and a lady bug flew in yo left ear lobe and then out yo nose then in yo belly button then out yo ball sack and you turned into a Jaguar dumb ass nigga 

That's why yo dumb ass thought FPS stood for Future Pussy Stickers and yo dumb ass typed that exact phrase into the amazon website search bar and it redirected you to a porn website bitch ass nigga

Nigga you ordered a HyperX gaming headset from amazon and 2 weeks later you got a package on yo doorstep and you opened it up and the only thing you seen inside of it was a box of lunchables dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you tried to do a back flip for the first time off of yo sisters trampoline and you got so scared that yo life flashed before yo eyes and you landed on yo hairline and fell into sleep paralysis dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck and yo sleep paralysis demon is a microwave dumb ass fat ass bitch cuz all you think about is food fat ass boy

That was ass nigga ya great grandfather got killed in the Vietnam war because a enemy soldier 360 noscoped him and he gained 13,000 experience points and he got ranked to a grand master dumb ass nigga that's why yo jaw locks whenever you listen to the english variation of Descapito 2 with one ear bud in dumb ass nigga stop talking to me boy

Nigga that was ass boy that's why yo iPhone self destructs whenever you forget yo apple id password dumb ass boy fuck is wrong with you nigga that's why Wubbzy from Wow Wow Wubbzy tought you how to hoola hoop with a spatula while balancing on a basketball while being naked in a jzcuzzi dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

Nigga yo dumb ass had a science test and you studied algebra all night on accident and you failed the test dumb ass boy fuck is you saying nigga that's why stewie griffin gave you a hand job in the back of the magic schoolbus dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck stop talking to me boy

That was ass nigga you was taking a quiz in geometry class and you answered all the questions in egyptian hieroglyphics and you got expelled from school because the hieroglyphics on question 3 translated to the N word dumb ass boy you dumb as fuck

Shut yo bitch ass up nigga you tried to pack-a-punch a 10 dollar bill and you thought it was gonna turn into a 100 dollar bill you poor ass nigga you tried to put a fruit roll-up in a vending machine and another fruit rollup came out you dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

Uhuh nigga and you was robbing niggas houses in Florida tip toeinng to they bathroom because you had to pee and yo dumbasss flushed the toilet dumb ass boy

That was ass boy ya mother be making you sit in the corner with a water bucket on each hand whenever you get into an altercation in school over hot-wheels dumb ass boy that's why I caught yo retarded ass grandfather try-harding on a bop-it trying to show off infront of cancer patients in New-Zealand dumb ass boy 

That was ass boy you tried to fight Henry Danger why he was filming his next episode in Hollywood and he sued you for assault dumb ass boy that's why you lost a staring competition to a blind man dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck

That was ass boy ya father invited me to a scribblio match at 6:30 in the morning and he sent uber-eats to my house and all I saw was 3 jolly ranchers sitting on my porch with a pokemon action figure holding them dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck



Shut up nigga you drunk kool-aid for the first time and 3 pimples grew on yo forehead boy and yo mother took you to the doctor and turns out you have a water allergy.. dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga your a evil mad genius nigga your bathroom controls the weather boy, whenever you turn on yo fossil it starts raining and whenever you flush yo toilet it starts storming dumb ass nigga you evil as fuck

Uhuh nigga that's why yo jaw weak as fuck boy, whenever you eat jolly ranchers yo jaw locks... dumb ass boy and you start crying cause of the pain then yo momma bitch slapped you cuz you was bein a bitch about it you bum ass nigga

You smell like chimpanzee knuckle juice... with banana peppers... dumb ass boy and ya mother got ran over and defeated by an angry lady bug.. dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck

That was ass nigga you joined the Teen Titans team and they tested yo intellectual intelligence boy, and yo dumb ass got defeated by a calculator that only had add and subtract on it nigga you dumb as fuck

Ya mother has allergic reactions to venus fly trap bites boy, and whenever she try to walk up stairs time goes slower nigga you dumb as fuck 

Nigga first time you tried to have a lucid dream you fell into sleep paralysis boy, and yo sleep paralysis demon was a stapler nigga you dumb as fuck

You proposed to yo girl friend on poptropica and she left the game nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga your indian tech support scammer tracked yo IP boy, because he heard you take a piss using a satellite radio nigga you dumb as shit

Nigga bounty hunder D was struggling to capture you boy, because you was born in the hidden leaf village and you knew the shadow clone jutsu nigga you stupid as fuck

That was ass nigga that's why a 23 year old man reported you in roblox dungeon quest boy, because you was using synapse to automatically complete dungeons nigga you dumb as fuck

Nope nigga you beat someone in a 1v1 on fortnite and he sent you a ip logger and you clicked on it with a VPN that redirected your location to your neighbors house and next thing you know your neighbors house blew up boy ever since then you called yourself a murderer nigga u dumb as fuck

Nigga you can't even use the dark theme on youtube boy, because yo black ass fingers camouflauge with the screen nigga you ugly as fuck

Nigga you poured gasoline on skeleton and lit it on fire boy, and you thought you recreated the ghost rider nigga you dumb as fuck

Nigga you had a 50 person orgy with 49 random people that you found on roblox Adopt Me nigga you weird as fuck

That's why yo teacher stopped you from finishing yo pop quiz cuz you was answering all the questions in Egyptian hieroglyphics 


And that's why yo bus driver banned you from riding the bus for a whole month because you tossed a used condom at his left shoulder blade nigga

Nigga yo pet squirrel grew wings and full grown human legs and started walking inside yo kitchen and opened up the microwave and put a mexican burrito inside and 3 seconds later the PS3 homescreen music started playing out yo Bluetooth Stereo CD Boombox Radio player bitch ass nigga and thats why yo step moms GPS got hacked by the creators of Synapse X and they redirected her destination to the Bakini Bottom and she drove off a cliff and fell into the Atlantic Ocean and all you seen was 36 Mermaids playing tic tac toe on an abandoned island bitch ass nigga and that's why yo step mom got a strange house bitch ass nigga her house has no roof or no wals on that shit all you got is floors bitch ass nigga

 you have no furnature in yo house because your mother is a very experienced space conservationist bitch ass nigga and that's why whenever you eat hotfries at exactly 6:32 AM yo front door teleports into yo moms room and explodes and the only thing that comes out of the door is dried up ketchup and sewage water bitch ass nigga you ugly as shit nigga that's why yo mom was throwing it back for the assistant principle of the local Elementary School and he accidentally started moaning over the schools intercom and all the little kids thought someone was having a seizure bitch ass nigga 

that's why yo step mom is a professional colorbook colorer dumb ass nigga she has exactly 664,599 copies of the hello kitty coloring book and spends 21 hours a day completing them bitch ass nigga im finna flame the fuck out of you boy that's why yo laptop charger mounfunctions whenever you play roblox jail break because you accidentally installed a driver on yo laptop that was custom made by microsoft to spy on all of yo Bookmark history bitch ass nigga that's why the ice king from adventure time anal raped yo step mom because he wanted to disect her internal red blood cells bitch ass nigga and that's why you read the future in 60 years and all you seen was the world being destroyed bitch ass nigga and little did you know the world was being destroyed by DR. EggMan and little did you know my nigga that was yo step-cousin bitch ass nigga you ugly as shit 

and that's why yo dumb ass thought you was a air bender because you sneezed and it had the force of a Kamehameha bitch ass nigga thats why yo discord account got terminated because you accidentally sent a grabbify link to Snoop Dogg's weed dealer bitch ass nigga what are you saying nigga that's why you looked in yo peripheral vision and all you seen was that nigga Itachi Uchiha putting you in an Infinite Tsukyomi Genjutsu and while you were in the Genjutsu that nigga Sonic The Hedgehog and Knuckles hanged banged yo mom on top of an iron board in yo living room with pink L.E.D. lights on bitch ass nigga a tasmanian devil had sex with yo screw driver that you used to fix yo broken WiiU controller and when you found about what he did to it you snapped yo neck and didn't die because you accidentally did a cheat code to go into god mode because you was playing Dance Dance revolution bitch ass nigga you ugly like fuck 
nigga yo mom was extremely horny at 12 o'clock in the morning and grabbed a sheet of printer paper out her printer in her closet and made an oragami dildo bitch ass nigga and whenever she used it she got paper cuts on her coochie flaps dumb ass boy you ugly as fuck that's why yo grandma is retarded she played rock paper scissor for the first time and she picked rock and picked up the biggest rock she could find and launched that shit at yo forehead and knock you into sleep paralysis bitch ass nigga that's why yo yo science teacher gave you a quit on the periodic table and yo dumb ass thought it was a eating contest just because it had the word table in it bitch ass nigga yo mom looked at the map of the United states of america and pointed at 

Nigga yo mom was throwing it back for James Charles and she convinced that gay ass nigga to smack her ass bitch ass nigga that's why yo mom was on Canadians Got Talent because she knew how to say her ABC's backwards and in reverse bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck and that's why yo mom is a 3rd demensional superhero and yo superpower is sticky sweat bitch ass nigga that's why ariana grande anal raped yo step cousin yo mom got raped by Jariya Sensei from Naruto because she knew how to do the sexy lady jutsu bitch ass nigga

Yo mom practices lucid dreaming with Juice Wrld every day because she was a fan of him since 1942 back when saudi arabia wasn't a thing and that's whhy the only thing you got on christmas was a gift card and you opened the gift card and all you seen was a sticky note saying "FUck you!" bitch ass nigga

Nigga yo mom is the chief executive of the Ku Klux Klan and she knows how to seduce james charles and donald trump bitch ass nigga that's why yo grandma was the president of the arts and crafts club back in middle school because she knew how to draw the blue eyed dragon from yugioh

yo dad was at a hair salon, and they gave this nigga a bald fade on accident, cuz the barber was on bath salts bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck nigga and that's why yo dentist is a exorcist from blue exorcist, and that nigga started putting ancient spells on yo teeth, to make them shine brighter dumb ass nigga fuck is yo ass saying nigga yo grandma got bit by a venus fly trap, and her ass did the stop drop and roll dumb ass nigga she stupid as fuck nigga and that's why the remote to yo TV only got two buttons on that shit, and one of the buttons produce black pepper, and whenever you use that shit on food, that shit get to tastin like salt and vinegar chips bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck boy yo mom is a competitive eater, her ass ate 3 hamburgers and tapped out, her ribs was cracking, because her ass forgot to drink water before eating dumb ass nigga she stupid as fuck on god nigga and that's 

why yo step mom, that bitch is a golf player, her ass accidentally hit the golf-ball into outer space cuz her ass got hidden super saiyan strength bitch ass nigga fuck is you sayin nigga

 yo mom got into an altercation at lunch time in the high school cafateria, cuz the lunch lady winked at her sideways dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck boi 

you got a doll in yo house that helps you be a better ventriloquist little did you know that shit can actually talk on its own dumb ass nigga yo mom tried to play with it and 3 hours later her windows in her room started creakin dumb ass 

nigga yo ass went went in minecraft and went to the nether world and started doing the barrel roll infront of the ender dragon and that nigga started tap dancing with a boombox on his left wing dumb ass nigga yo ass tried to tap dance with him and he made yo PS3 explode bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck boy you got a truck in yo backyard, and whenever you go inside of the trunk yo ass get teleported to a tropical forest biome dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck boi yo ass played the exact same song, on two different devices, and when you heard it, yo ass fell into sleep paralysis dumb ass nigga and yo mom tried to wake you up, and her ass got posessed by satan, her ass was jumping up and down causing earth quakes cuz she fat as fuck and eat 5 Guys burgers all day dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying 

What nigga you wasted 5 years of your life cracking the code of a secret safe and you unlocked it and all you seen was the word supercalafredgalisticexpielladocious written in hieroglyphics on a sticky note dumb ass nigga yo ass live in porkbelly and yo dad got a atomic bomb on his truck, that shit exploded and a CD Radio boombox player teleported to the middle of yo driveway playing Despacito english version dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass started meditating to the song and you awakened the eternal mangekyou sharingan dumb ass nigga yo genius sisters made you eat salt and you transformed into a female, yo ass got beat up by that nigga Bling Bling boy from Johnny Test cuz you stole his Uranium and yo ass started running around town with a peanut butter tattoo on yo belly button and yo ass got chased down town by 543,669 squirrels cuz they wanted yo nuts gay ass nigga 

yo ass got diamond grills on yo teeth, and you used that shit to break out of prison dumb ass nigga yo ass started biting through the walls like shit dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying boi yo ass sung an ancient ritual from the 1400's and transformed into a fish-man and teleported to the middle of the pacific ocean, yo ass went on land and started break dancing, and suffocated to death dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga that nigga Bling Bling boy from Johnny Test sung you a bed time story because you lost all you memory, because yo sister injected you with poison and it turned you into a superhero dumb ass nigga yo ass can fart, and you start flyin bitch ass nigga yo ass can punch the air, and create cosmic waves that evaporate light rays from the sun dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying 

Nigga ya mom was tap dancing on top of the statue of liberty with a ps3 controller stapled to her left knee cap with a baby carrot glued to her uvula boy and whenever she gets mad she just takes her anger out on you and takes massive shits on your ps4 and make that shit overheat and explode fuck is wrong with you my nigga

my nigga what boy you was in the dragon ball z universe with epilepsy boy and as soon as you seen a kamehameha you just fell in a 87 year coma boy and you woke up with knee cap fragments in yo ankle my nigga you ugly as shit

 nigga shut up boy yo mom got assassinated by Desmond Miles from assassins creed because she took that nigga legendary dagger ugly ass boy finna flame the fuck out yo ass boy you got mad and committed suicide because yo pet pikachu evolved into a charizard accidentally because you fuzed it with a rubix cube ugly ass boy 

Yo mom ugly as fuck nigga she started grinning her teeth together, and a random subway sub sandwhich started levitating above her iron board, she grabbed that shit and she transformed into the armored titan from attack on titans bitch ass nigga, she got to stomping everywhere, and she killed 843,665,337 people dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo grandma got gang banged phinease and ferb, little did you know, they was holdind nerf guns in they hand shooting yo momma in her head while they was fucking her dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga 

yo pet cat is 11 years old and whenever it tries to pee, nothing comes out but ketchup water you nasty ass bitch that's why yo great great grandma got out of bed at 5 in the morning, walked in the garage, grabbed a screwdriver, and started tightening every screw in the house bitch ass nigga while she was in sleep paralysis dumb ass nigga yo mom scary as shit nigga that's why yo mom is the only person 0in the world that knows what Abraham Lincolns penis looks like because her long lost relatives saved a picture of it on a Swivel Bulk Thumb Acer Nitro 5 USB Flash Drive dumb ass nigga yo family weird as shit thats why yo mom was playing Poptropica, she injected cheat engine and got banned instantly nigga instantaniously banning that bitch nigga yo mom is in the guinese world records for beating 300 people in a 300 versus 1 tug-of-war match dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga 

I snatched yo momma weave out and made her chase it like a bull bitch ass nigga i smacked yo momma with a greasy cheese burger and she started levitating dumb ass nigga yo mom was on a trampoline and did a backflip and entered third person in real life bitch ass nigga yo mom was throwin it back for niggas to throw nickels at them poor ass nigga you ugly as fuck yo dad got bit by a venus fly trap and fell into sleep paralysis bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck dirty ass nigga 

you was on youtube and you searched "Can an African American temporarily obtain a slice of fried carbohydrates?" and yo FBI agent used instant transmission to yo living room and stole all yo light bulbs dumb ass nigga 

fuck is you saying you hideous ass iPhone 4 se screenprotector forehead ass nigga cmon now lotion bottle neck ass long foot ass itchy toenail having ass nigga im on yo ass nigga I went to yo momma house and went to the bathroom and opened up the mirror and saw 3 dildos and they all had sticky notes with names on them saying "Pussy Destroyer 1, 2 and 3" dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck I'll smack yo momma with a meat ball and she start breakdancing from the adrenaline rush bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying to me bitch ass nigga yo mom was in Highschool walking around the halls and she tripped and fell and busted her chest open bitch ass boy fuck is you saying nigga you ugly as fuck fat neck ass picture frame neck ass BiC lighter face ass acute triangle teeth shape ass nigga you spectacularly ugly as shit with yo Kapreson straw neck ass and speaking of kapreson straws, yo mom had a kapreson straw and put it in her booty hole and that fat bitch got tired because her left arm alone weigh 700 pounds fat ass bitch nigga fuck is you talking about you lame ass nigga yo father had a crush on Usain Bolt in 1944 while he was playing Saxiphone instrumentals in a doctors office flexing in front of all the patients with knee cap problems bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck

that nigga itachi uchiha put you in a infinite tsukyomi genjutsu and he made you hoolahoop for 600 hours dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck fuck is you saying little ass boy yo momma ate a cough drop and turned into beast boy bitch ass nigga yo mom got 360 noscoped by ninja in a fortnite pre-lobby and he banned you for stream sniping bitch ass nigga 

yo grandma took back shots by Michael Jackson in 1984 sideways bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck nigga got a pillow pet cuz he lonely at night lame ass fat neck ass cmon now fat ass alligator teeth having ass nigga you ugly as fuck yo mom was hittin splits on top of the statue of liberty in exchange for soda cans bitch ass nigga cuz she's an expect recyclist bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck nigga 

yo mom was tieing her shoe laces and accidentally tied her shoe lace to her pinkie toe and she started breaking all the Number 2 pencils tryna prove yo strength to the world bitch ass nigga

yo mom got epathermic displacia and it reverses her hand-eye coordination dumb ass nigga, she tried to pick up a subway sub sandwhich and she could not make contact with that shit she accidentally knocked it off the table, it fell on yo GUCCI shoe laces so you went into anafalactic shock and fell into sleep paralysis bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom is a grand priest in Egypt, and her spirit name is Bonquisha dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga 

you was the first person in the world, to hang-slide off of a cruise ship and yo ass landed in the ocean bitch ass nigga little did you know approximately 16 sharks was suurrounding you and yo ass seen the sharks and you created "How do iiiiiiiiii sayyyyyyy goodbyeeeeee" bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass is the colossal titan from Attack On Titan and that nigga Captain Levi one shot you and you started crying out yo soul and started meditating yo consciousness and transformed into Jesus Christ bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga

shut yo bitch ass up you ugly ass phineus and ferb body built ass nigga you just depressed because yo pet lobster died from a sandstorm in zimbabwe when he was tryna find his kids he left there 3,000 years ago ugly ass boy im on yo ass fr now ugly ass nigga

Shut the fuck up you nasty ass weak collar bone having ass nigga you broke yo wrist tryna shoot a basketball because you took yo trainers words to heart my nigga when he said "flick yo wrist" you flicked that shit to a 326 degree angle and that shit snapped in 7 different locations ugly ass boy fuck is wrong with you

Fuck no boy yo ugly ass green bana peel body built ass nigga yo grandfather sniped a enemy solider and gained 3 experience points because he got lucky asf he dint even mean to do tha tshit my nigga you ugly as fuck

yo mom was bussin it back for that nigga sandy cheeks because she was gon give her a TI-84 calculator if she did it so she could conquor the world dumb ass nigga yo mom created the letter O because she saw the moon and started meditating dumb ass nigga she fell into sleep paralysis, and her sleep paralysis demon was a water battle, with the top off bitch ass boi fuck is you saying nigga you are a legendary pokemon trainer you beat Ash's pikachu by staring at his tail, dumb ass nigga that's why yo Auntie know the secret art of Spinjitsu, her ass can jump up in the air, kill 800 niggas, and fall back to the ground in 0.0004 seconds nigga yo auntie scary as shit fuck is you saying that's why yo granddad got assassinated by a poisonous venus fly trap in south dekota on top of a Ice Cream truck while he was charging his chakra dumb ass nigga yo great grandma created basketball, because she picked up a rock, and threw it through the middle of a lifesaver bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck that's why yo granddad is an experienced agar.io player and he solotricked Donald Trump and gained 439,543 mass and started giving away all his mass to everyone in the game with a number in they name dumb ass nigga yo mom was on a airplane, and she banged her head against the glass, broke the window, jumped out, and landed on a trampoline and she bounced back up to the airplane, sat down, and pulled out a toolbox, and started fixing the airplane dumb ass nigga you stupid as fuck, fuck is you saying nigga you are horrible nigga yo granddad is the best space conservationist in the world nigga he made 84 couches, fit inside of a bathroom dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga you retarded as fuck yo girlfriend is Sakura so she beats the shit out of you whenever you don't acknowledge her dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga you quit gaming, becuz that nigga YBN Nahmir, gave yo mom a cheeseburger, you saw that shit ain't have no meat on that shit, yo ass awakened yo sharingan and put that nigga into Sleep Paralysis, dumb ass nigga boy you ugly as fuck, yo grandma 360 noscoped Ninja and Tfue ina  fortnite prelobby match on accident, and he banned her account for allegid stream sniping bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom was twerking her ass on top of the london bridge, just so she could make niggas throw nickels at her, and when she saw the nickels ain't have Theodore Rosevelts face on it, she strated panicing, her ass realized she wasn't in the same Country no more dumb ass nigga you retarded as fuck, im on yo ass now nigga you own a gold fish and a alligator, and yo fish ate yo alligator and transformed into a BeyBlade dumb ass nigga because little did you know, that was nemo from finding nemo bitch ass nigga you stupid as fuck, on yo ass for real nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom got a bottle of dioxyribo nucleic acid, sitting on the top of her chimney, and whenever it comes in contact with steam, it spawns satan dumb ass nigga, yo mom is a top tier architect, she created the london bridge dumb ass nigga

Ugly ass pineapple pinocio pinecone body built ass nigga yo mom took 13 viagra pills and started dry humping the light switch on her wall you stank ass bald ass degenerate fortnite playing ass nigga im on yo ass fr now bitch made ass boy

Shut up you bitch ass virgin 3 months ago yo mom got kidnapped by soul reapers and got evicerated in the soul society by Rukia Kuchki you fat ass pickle neck ass boy you just mad cuz yo headset falls off yo head cuz that shit was made for dwayne the rock johnson you ugly ass boy fuck is wrong with you

fuck up nigga yo grandma had sex with the engine of a motor byke back in new jersey

nigga what boy you been in void so long that you thought pakistan was the capitak of void just because it had pak in it you retarded ass reject nigga im on yo ass fr boy

nigga yo mom was throwing it back at a strip club for free and they gave her 3 pinnies and a nickel and she started throwin a tantrum and kissing every managers knee caps and you started throwing all the dinner plates


My nigga what boy you got arrested and sent to life in prison my nigga because the FBI because you gruesimly murdered a crocodile in a new zealand hallocaust commercial my nigga you ugly as shit

Nigga you literally was in a 1987 range rover sticking half way solved rubix cubes in yo belly button while drawing circles and x's on that shit like a tic tac toe board and when you lost to yourself you committed suicide because you just lost all dedication to life my nigga you ugly as shit

You came out yo momma pussy using yo umbelical cord as a legendary katana from poptropica and yo ass got 1 shotted by a needle, dumb ass boy fuck is u talkin bout

yo ass got a "LAUNCH" button on yo keyboard, and whenever you press that shit yo mom start running down the stairs with purple cast-iron booty shorts on and start washing all the dishes in the house weird ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass had a guitar, played a song for yo crush, and her boyfriend shot you in the head with a high pressure water gun dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying  boy yo ass was earing an egyptian trinket around yo neck yo school one day, and it started an alien apocolypse cuz that shit got long lost ancient hispanic testronomic DNA in that shit bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying boa yo baby brother had a wooden bat and started beating the shit out of you just to tell you that dinner was ready dumb ass nigga boy fuck is you saying nigga you was in wal-mart crying because you couldn't find yo girl friend, little did you know she was on isle 13 giving blow-jobs to every nigga that bought her a pair of lip gloss dumb ass nigga 

Nigga yo step-mom one shot the floor 1 dungeon boss from Swort Art Online because her ass had a legendary weapon crafted out of S rated gobanzo tree trunk bark dumb ass boy fuck is you saying nigga yo ass was depressed one day because yo pet snail died yo ass tried to astral project and yo soul got stuck in a ceiling fan bitch ass boi you ugly as fuck boy yo mom was bussin it back for Ronald Mc Donald for a free McFlurry and he did not give that shit to her dumb ass boi yo ass is inconsistantly sideways and yo vision is tilted to the left side of yo brain cuz yo ass got a weird condition called "Optical Dislexic Trajectory Flouride Symptoms bitch ass boy fuck is you sayinn nigga yo mom got gang banked my Krillin, Yamcha, Picollo and Android 18 in super saiyan form dumb ass nigga and when they got done, they summoned shenron and wished for a bacon egg and cheese sandwhich dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga now I'm finna flame the shit out of you nigga timmy turner is yo secret Physical Science teacher yo ass passed the class with a 100% cuz he did all the homework for you dumb ass boi fuck is u sayin nigga yo mom works at Freddy Frasbaears Pizzaria from Five Nights at Freddy's, her ass had a heart attack cuz she did not see a animatronic, her ass seen Courage the Cowardly Dog, that nigga was milly rocking with a watch in his hand and yo mom got hypnotized by it bitch ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo mom was inside the world of Attack on Titans, little did you know she was the Colossal Titan dumb ass nigga you ugly as fuck boi yo great great step-grandma was bussin it back at a christian strip club where the only think you can shake is yo knee caps bitch ass boi fuck is u saying nigga yo ass made a Do It Yourself Fidget Spinner made out of Kunai Khifes and Ninja Shurikens bitch ass nigga yo ass tried to throw that shit, and it had no aim dumb ass nigga that shit landed in a bird nest and killed 3 baby penguins dumb ass boy fuck is u saying nigga

you used a senzu bean on Michael jacksons corpse and that nigga got up and started moonwalking with KameHameHa waves coming out of his diamond glove dumb ass nigga yo ass was on dance dance revolution 2 practicing yo high school prom dance skills bitch ass boy fuck is you saying nigga now im on yo shit nigga yo iphone 5 got a screenprotector on it that absorbs salt dumb ass nigga and you paid 400 dollars for that shit tahts why Shisui Uchiha put you in a Genjutsu that made yo 5 senses evaporate bitch ass nigga yo mom fell into sleep paralysis cuz yo ass got a Optical Illusion ceiling fan bitch ass nigga you get to turning that shit on and all you see is a black and red spiral dumb ass niga you stupid as fuck boy yo ass is a arabian knight spirit that died in 1432 because yo ass got speared in yo back by Theodore Rosevelt with a Golden Eagle dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass got a piggy bank in yo room thats soul bounded to only catching Nickels dumb ass nigga fuck is you saying nigga yo ass still got a 3DS and the only game you got is Sonic Unleashed and yo ass is stuck on the first stage because 3 of yo buttons broke dumb ass nigga yo ass can only move up and down dumb ass boi fuck is u saying yo ass got 3 candles lit up in yo bathroom to do ancient christian japanese dragon ball z shenron chants to summon the Goddess of Bumblebees dumb ass boy fuck is you saying nigga

nigga yo mom was caught in a wild fire in a jungle, her ass transformed into the Colossal Titan to save herself dumb ass nigga yo mom is an ancient level 300 sewer dweller her ass get to killin all alligators for fun dumb ass boy fuck is you talkin but nigga yo ass got a microwave in yo kitchen, that makes yo food colder with yo ironic ass boy and whenever you use that shit yo food get frost bite dumb ass nigga fuck is you talkin bout yo great grandfather was bussin it back at the LGBTQ hideout with nothing but a ariana grande halloween outfit on nigga got to hittin all high notes tryna impersonate her so niggas could touch on his gay ass, ugly ass boy 

fuck is you talkin bout nigga yo granddad is that nigga Choji from Naruto fat ass boy yo ass get to throwing hand signs and turning into a giant dumb ass boi fuck is you talkin bout nigga yo internet cable is snapped in half cuz that nigga courage the cowardly dog be bitin yo shit at night time when you dont give him a fruit roll-up when he successfully pees in his potty bin dumb ass nigga you stupid like fuck boi

nigga yo mom created the loadout of the roblox website dumb ass nigga you dont even have a shower in yo house and you gotta take showers in yo washing machine in the laundry room bitch ass nigga yo ass dont even know how to throw a frizby 

Nah nigga you really smell like armadillo knee cap grease with ketchup and mustard on it and you put black pepper on it as a toping bitch ass nigga you ugly as fuck boy and that's why yo keyboard loses keys whenever you play OSU Mania because you be tapping yo keyboard too hard

Nigga you answered A on every question of yo S.A.T. tests 

Yeah nigga and ya mom put you on punishment because you responded to her text in all caps with an exclamation mark at the end nigga

you teach canadian stick bugs to play block ops 2 to help you complete the easter egg in nuke town you are a cyber bullying kangaroo jamaican warrior with dislexic toe nails and cheetah cells you probably smoke pixel dust and fake being high fuck is wrong with you you dont even use dry off towels to dry yourself off you just turn yo heater on and call it a day you bout dumb as shit you dont even use lights in yo house you just grab magnifying glasses and angle them perfectly to the sun and aim it to whatever you tryna look at on god you dumb as shit you dont even use pillows to sleep at night you use picture frames with plastic bags over them as pillows you poor as shit fuck is wrong with you you probably went on national TV just to tell the world he stole his moms chicken wings 13 years ago from Windys and you probably dont even drink water you drink that new thick ass water that make yo throat feel like sand paper you bout stupid as shit and yo momma played the game oblivion and got bitch slapped the 3rd NPC she interracted with for being below level 3 my nigga you dumb as shit you eat lollipops like you eating hot dogs you gay ass nigga you put chargers in yo ass hole to regain energy my nigga you dumb as shit on god you are and yo momma built like an air freshiner you bout stupid as shit nigga made a DIY Ben 10 Watch and started lookin like Godzilla nigga started lookin like R2D2 from Star Wars nigga look like Death from The Seventh Seal lookin like The Balloon from The Red Balloon nigga lookin like the Shark from Jaws nigga lookin like the monster from Frankenstein nigga you ugly as shit and yo hairline built like a 4 year olds drawing you bout ugly as shit on god you are nigga playing red light green light with autistic lady bugs on god you do you be snorting weed like its crack you bout stupid as shit on god you do you walk with yo ankles and you hand stand with yo left nipple hairs and you so cross eyed that when you cry yo tears run upwards you ironic ass nigga you defy the laws of gravity harder than Darth Vador does you stupid as shit on god you are you smell like ostrich booty and you bleed Sunny D might drink you nohomo doe on god i aint with that gay shit on god im not 


||THANK YOU FOR BUYING || 
 ______________________ 
 
 You look like a square poodle dumbass nigga fuck is u saying

shut up bitch u was texting yo grandma an u sent her shitty android emojis, lame ass nigga like shit boy

Bitch ur roblox gf cheated on you with a 9 yr old that niggas name was "firewolfgamer339" DUMBASS NIGGA

shut yo fatty batty ratty mojo jojo lookin ass up my nigga u was eatig raisins at the back of the schoolbus
 
Nigga ur cousin is a nigerian scam marketer oh "let me make a transaction to ur account" looking ass nigga

Hoe ass nigga fuck is you saying ur dad beats u with LV and bb belts when u fail art class dumbass nigga

u turned into a fucking car then shot ur grandma with a water pistol like shit dumbass nigga
 
u listed to nba youngboy once then ur fucking legs bent backwards by 80 degress face ass nigga say ur joke

uhhh that was unfunny as shit, run that back faggot, yo nose look like the discord logo, fat ass hoe ass nigga

Nigga got a squidward nose u dumb as shit weirdo ass nigga sausage nose looking ass nigga like shit

U swim around in rhinocerous piss when u get lonley dumbass nigga

ur uncle is a major in biting on ankles u fucking bitch ass nigga 

U SENT YO DICK PICS TO YO HAMSTER AT 4 AM DUMBASS NIGGA SHUT YO BITCH ASS UP

nigga u got a ripcord tattoo on yo ass cheek

Nigga shut yo fruity ass up u beat having sex in the boys locker room gay ass nigga

i checked ur browser history that shit said "gay sex online" FACE ASS NIGGA SAY YO PACK

ur packs are ass kid what the fuck nigga, u made a custom e sex discord bot u retard ass nigga

U are a professional ro gangster on roblox, ur user name is "sniperglockz47" LAME ASS NIGGA

yo suck on chinchilla nipples on fridays u bum ass nigga

Nigga u eat finger nails when ur all alone u faggot ass nigga what are u saying son

U CANT PACK FOR SHIT NIGGA U HAVE AN ADOPT ME YOUTUBE CHANNEL NIGGA WHAT ARE U SAYING U STREAM ON SUNDAYS LOOOL

faggot ass nigga u look like hey arnold u fucking long head ass nigga stewie looking ass nigga

u look like u eat 35 pounds of kangaroo shit weird ass nigga SHUT UP 

When u hungry u go outside to kill lizards u bitchass nigga STFU HOE

U bought a mountain lion off of ebay u dumbass nigga

U look like a chimpanzee u faggot ass nigga

u be walking on all for legs u retard

u suck on toes for 2 cents per toe u retard

nigga u smell like gym mats musty ass nigga

u look visually distorted

u got indents in yo chair big body built bitch

nigga yo knees and elbows feel like sandpaper

nigga u got LED light strips in ur toilet u faggot

yo teeth look like cheddar cheese

yo skin feels like stale breadsticks

u got permanant grease stained shirt

nigga u drink orange fanta and eat microchips fat ass nigga

NIGGA GET YO ICE AGE SLOTH LOOKING ASS OUTTA HERE

u flat chested door back built bitch

ur hamster gave u valentines day gift cus u lonely as shit

ur mom cooked horse testicles for ur birthday nasty mf

Dumbass nigga u drew on his teeth wtith a gold crayon thinkin he got grillz, face ass nigga

ur dad caught u at 3 am beating off to lizard sex in HD weird ass nigga

u chew on laptops when u bored u dumbass nigga

Nigga ya uncle voted for kanye west thinkin that nigga would win u weird ass nigga what u saying son

cum ina bun cum ina sun, yo granny slap the back of da head wit honey buns black ass nigga

                          -  STALLING JOKES - 

NIGGA U SWING THRU TREES LIKE A MONKEY, TARZAN LOOKIN ASS NIGGA

HAIRY MONKEY LOOKIN ASS NIGGA

YO DAD DRIVES THE BATTLEBUS FROM FORTNITE LOOKIN ASS NIGGA

SMOKIN GRASS LOOKIN ASS NIGGA 

EATING TOE NAILS LOOKIN ASS NIGGA

CHEEZIT SMELLIN LOOKIN ASS NIGGA

FAGGOT LOOKIN ASS NIGGA

ANDROID USING LOOKIN ASS NIGGA

U CRIED WHEN XXXTENTACION DIED LIKE A BITCH U DUMBASS NIGGA FUCK IS U SAYING

WATER GUN USIN ASS NIGGA


                            - RANDOM/CREATIVE SHIT -


My nigga yo grandfather is a professional horse cum taster dumbass nigga

U broke ur left knee while tryna summon a demon face ass nigga

U clogged ur bluesnowball from spittin all over it

nigga u put grape juice in water thinkin u was sippin lean face ass nigga

u bought a fake drank method from an indian seller on twitter weird ass nigga

ur roblox gf broke up with you on my space u faggot shut the fuck up nigga

Nigga opened a pocket demension to have sex with zombies u weirdo ass nigga

u fuck the pigs in minecraft when u horny face ass nigga

ur dad was osama u indian ass nigga

nigga u chew the 7yr old gum under the desks in school u faggot

nigga rlly built like DEE-DEE from dexters laboratory faggot ass nigga

nigga u got a minecraft enderman costume u weirdo ass nigga

u cosplay as transformers when u lonley face ass nigga


	I called you an idiot in a discord vc and yo grandmother sent me a text asking if I wanted to meet God
You got a gfuel tattoo under your armpit

You got curbstomped by ya roomate last week boy you still got a bump on the side of the head
Nigga you stole 1 basketball from target during the riots then when u got home FlightReacts knocked on your door with a vlog camera

When you sneeze you got no recoil boy you be sendin yo spit everywhere
Yo grandmas your hypeman in the McDonalds line boy, she be screamin every time you order something
Boy you was threatening during quarantine boy and when they wanted to fight you said social distancing you petty
Yo grandma harrased a lvl 100 boss in the Subway boy she would just follow that nigga and slap his ass yo grandmas a bully boy
You threw a molotov cocktail at Brawadis cause he cheated you in a HORSE game boy you ugly like shit
You got a delayed disease boy when Jahseh Onfroy died you only heard the news today and started crying boy nigga was in his living room wit tissues nigga
Yo grandma tells you bedtime stories of when she used to shove Chuck Norris into lockers boy
You so weak boy when they fight you they put ankle weights on for a challenge
Yo grandma was making fun of Wreck It Ralph during a villain conference boy
Stop it boy yo grandma kicked a horse in the chin 10,000 years ago and its descendants were giraffes boy
Yo grandma wasted 3 hours tryna communicate with Chewbacca boy 
Yo grandma got applauded by Elon Musk after introducing weed to martians nigga
Yo grandma was terrozising nerds by solving rubiks cubes while they were sleeping
Yo mom went through your phone and you had the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on speed dial
You lost both of your cousins in a Juice Wrld moshpit
Yo step father was ruthless in beyond scared straight
Your grandma sucker punched a roblox youtuber
Yo dog got sponsored by Gfuel nigwga
You look up to FlightReacts nigga you are the worst basketball player in your special needs class 
Your grandma beat Sam Smith in an arm wrestling match 
Thats why FlightReacts posted a hate comment on your dad's facebook 
Yo grandma sent you a grabify link
You got suplex slammed by Carmen Cortzen from the Spy Kids
You lost a childhood friend to a snowball fight boy R.I.P Gunther 
Yo alarm clock is holocaust sound effects boy yo grandparents do not appreciate it
Yo dog got in an argument with Hannibal Lecter nigga                              
Yo grandma sung a sad song to a street boxer boy
Yo dog got a nice ass gaming setup nigga I looked at one of his monitors and it was a Before and After workout photo
I looked at your mom and blinked and my neck snapped boy
Yo mother challenged RiceGum to a street fight in Chinatown boy
Yo grandmothers a chiraq street legend nigga, you went to chicago with her and all the GD's dapped her up boyG
You was lurkin around yo grandmother's room and you saw a  picture frame of her changing Bruce Lee's diaper boy 
You doxed an amputee cause you didn't like how he looked boy
Yo step father is the best packer in solitary confinement boy, everytime I look at him that nigga barked
Yo grandma cheated the fitness gram pacer test boy she got first every timeYo
You secretly orchestrated a drug deal between Father Time and Mother Nature boy
Yo mom was chillin in McDonalds and something made her mad outta nowhere and next thing you know she knocked out an animal rights activist
You're such a nerd boy you got depressed cause niggas looked in your direction on VR
Yo mom went toe to toe wit the hash slingin slasher
c
Nigga PizzaHut blacklisted your house cause your grandma was performing yoga in the living room, the delivery guy was traumatized 
I shook your uncle's hand during your birthday party and I went home wit a broken wrist 
You invited me to your house and when I looked under your bed, the boogie man gave me sign language
Yo grandma was the best student in Baldis Basics

Yo grandma the quickest hand in the West boy she went toe to toe wit Clint Eastwood in her underwear boy
You got banned from TwitchCon cause you kept making eye contact with Tyler1 boy
You stomp ant hills for no reason boy you ugly like shit you got surprised when you came home wit pimples on ya feet
Your grandmother is the Faze Rug's personal barber boy she be trollin him and pushes his hairline back
You got bulletproof toenails boy they call you the Iron Foot
Yo grandma be starting beef with niggas on facebook boy and she be tellin them to mic up on discord
Known niggas I got added:

||Yusky, $pazz, goonie Jacob, xlubbers, weedo, betterkeepcalm, chinese lil tecca, kaydo, Hheyo, Ziordo,  Fatboy devo, goonie inter, kaps, Kaylaa, MoreCalls, Nordo, Servo, OG Travis (KJ), defense, datkid, babyjustice, Hak, hoodini, Mango, Lyber, Wuu, roman, baby mordo, goonie dre, GDK, CREEDO, chris payway, Yubbers, ku, Jay (jay vs ms Mary), Vhanz, $horty, isaac, aqua raps, wk1r/Eric, guap, Gee, Mory justice, Loofy, 𝐒𝐨𝐬𝐚帝✞, jaso, $oul, Toofy, Swiper, Chief Faygo aka Me | Fake list||
I cannot watch movies with ya grandma boy, I went to get popcorn and she greased it up wit her leg hairs boy
Stop talkin boy you was the biggest FTC fan so you broke FlightReacts outta guantamono bay nigga
Yo grandma is a russian sleeper agent boy, I said Golden Apple K500 and she started busting out karate moves
Shut up nigga you got kicked out of DudePerfect cause you moaned every time they did a trickshot boy
Boy your grandmothers a tryhard at Five Nights at Freddies boy, she mean mugged you gocause you interrupted her
Your grandma got the golden buzzer on Americas Got Talent from moving her ears
You looked guilty asf when the FBI busted into ya house and you had SteveWillDoit as your desktop wallpaper
  
Yo grandmother taught the whole Glee class how to wrestle
You introduced Spongebob to your grandmother and the next day she was doin the Jellyfish jam boy
Your grandmother went to court with Guava Juice cause she hates youtubers boy
When someone makes fun of you in real life boy you turn on aimbot
They call your grandma the stone at the end of the Titanic movie she had a straight face nigga
shut the fuck up nigga everytime u look at the moon at 9 o clock at night and ur earlow started growing and u said "EEEEEEK" u fucking pussy
like when ur mom got hyper active and hungry she turned to an african crep flog u lil nasty ass nigga
u take steroids and ur muscle grow on ur toe nails u little fat fuck shut the fuck up pussy
boy u discover lightning when u was trying to loud mic boy u got zipped in your mouth and u keep it like that forever boy u ugly ass hell
what? ur ugly as hell boy u met chuck norris and u said "how much wood would a wood chuck chuck if a would chuck would chuck wood" and u offended that nigga stupid ass nigga
nigga you ugly ass hell boy your mom tatood supercalifragilisticexpailidousious on her forehead boy that nigga ugly
nigga u watch too much bug fights on youtube at 4 am boy u be watching cockroaches vs beatles u weird as hell

when u met pokimane u rubbed on her head and said "guackamoli penis" and u tried acting funny stupid ass nigga
nigga yo dad was about to get the employee of the month but he has a long as name his name was demetrius demarcus bartholome the third gerard jackson barckhemloe
your name is () cause you a vampire nigga you was in the chris music video "wall to wall" nigga 
my nigga i caught u masturbating to call out my name by the weekend on slowed and reverb nigga ur really goofy as hell
i caught u breaking to the dollar tree just to drink all the lighter fluid off the bic lighters nigga ur really a crackhead
you used to donate to bronny james on his twitch streams saying whens the affair with zaya wade nigga u used to offend that nigga u goofy ass nigga
get you ugly ass outta here bro there a reason ur mom left u you dirty ass boy
you used to donate to bronny james on his twitch streams saying whens the affair with zaya wade u used to offend that dirty ass boy u goofy ass hell man
My man got packed 

Boy u dumb as hell 

Boy you left the TV on when you went to sleep and when you woke up yo step dad finished the Skyrim storyline for you

You like school so much boy the only reason you go to school everyday is because Tyler the Creator is your lunch lady

 I caught u masturbating to call out my name by the weekend on slowed and reverb ur really goofy as hell

you threw a molotov cocktail at Brawadis cause he cheated you in a HORSE game boy you ugly like shit


when u met pokimane u rubbed on her head and said "guackamoli penis" and u tried acting funny stupid ass 

you used donate to bronny james on his twitch streams saying whens the affair with zaya wade u used to offend that dirty ass boy u goofy ass hell man














