

[THIS BIBLE IS MEANT TO HELP BEGINNERS, NEWGENS THAT CANT PACK, AUDIO MAKERS THAT SUCK, NIGGAS THAT ARE JUST LAME]


1. that shit was concerningly unfunny nigga yo ass got banned from hogwarts for water bending teriyaki chicken sauce you lame as hell

2. boy hell nah they call you the booty bandit of cell 9-1 you make yo inmates do thick booty checks by 9 am sharp dumb ass nigga

3. nigga noo yo barber edge you up with the book of trials and tribulations nigga you bout ugly as shit

4. nman that shit was still lame you play sword fighting games with magnetic rainbow dragon dildos you lame as hell

5. nobody laughed bruh you was on the cover of nba jam 2003 edition crossin up shaq in some louis vuitton skechers boy you lame as fuck

6. yo ass thought you was a medieval knight of korgoth nigga you was using yo toshiba laptop as a shield to block attacks lame ass boy

7. no no no my nigga yo granny was trying to crip walk with a metal plate in her hip like shit lame ass boy

8. nigga before you go to sleep you make angry bird noises talking about soume HRUAUAUUAUAUAH lame ass nigga what you sayin

9. that shit was ass you was using soysauce to summon a pakistanian cockroach demon boy you lame as hell

10. boy hell nah your aunties name is holly gideon that bitch is known for headbuttin snappin turtles like shit nigga you out bad

11. boy hell nah yo ass was on dateline nbc talking about some "are you really from 63rd" lame ass nigga what you mean

12. nigga you dont got any hot water you got to put a cup of cold water in a microwave like shit you bum ass nigga

13. boy yo ass gotta slapbox the roaches in yo cabinet just to get your own food you homeless bitch 

14. nigga you was remixing lil wayne music and turned it into a ghetto gospel like shit you weird bitch dont talk to me

15. you make dubstep remixes out of hentai and call it the digital horny chronicles you weird ass nigga

16. nope nigga yo ass bought pornhub premium just to beat ya meat to ya granny you alabama ass nigga

17. that shit was ass nigga you ass became the top isis for blowing up a school with a boogie bomb you dumb bitch

18. that was terrible you learned the secret are of playing a violin with your tiddies weird ass nigga

19. boy no yo ass came up with a virus called the pdf demon and it sendS everybody chris browns ass pics you bout dirty as shit

20. not funny nigga you print 3d figures of yourself and posted a picture with them saying 'look at me and the gang!" dumb ass nigga

21. that shit was so unfunny niggas call you tyrone the terrible you was 360 noscoping niggas with your nut you weird ass nigga

22. nope boy you was in a beatboxing competition with jesus and caught a asthma attack fat ass nigga

23. still not funny you was on the 911 plane dancing to gucci mane ugly ass nigga what you sayin

24. nope that shit was ass you got pulled over for speeding and you showed the officer a krabby patty formula ugly ass nigga what you sayin?

25 never say that again nigga you got suspended from your karate dojo for using dildos as nunchucks 

26. you so lame bruh you was in the middle of o block sellin Chameleon skin to kids weird ass boy dont say shit to me

27. boy hell nah your the best pencil sharpener in the world yo ass sharpen pencils with the gap in ya teeth 

30. boy that shit was terrible you gave yall ballsack a whole taper fade and slapped that shit talking about some "i like ya cut g"

31. nope nigga yo momma beat you with fendi extension cords 

32. nigga that was terrible you was playing wii sports resort with roach antennas you broke ass boy what you sayin

33. boy hell nah yo ass went on roblox and made a 32 track chris brown RNB song to express your love to your roblox girlfriend you cringe ass nigga

34. nah nigga thats why your mom disowned you because she walked in your room and she saw you on all fours in perfect harmony with the crickets outside you ugly ass nigga

35. boy no that shit was garbage you turned the bass all the way up in your car and used it as a Professional Butt Massager fat ass nigga

36. nigga you about weird as hell you do a whole brawlhalla combo just to whipe your ass cheeks talking about some up down right right left down ugly ass nigga shut up talking to me

37. boy you lonely like shit yo ass was dating your roblox girlfriend for 5 years met the bitch in real life and she ended up being your mom you out bad

38. boy no you was roleplaying with your sphagetti acting like a rockstar back in the 80s you dumb ass nigga quit talking to me

39. so i guess were not gonna talk about when you were beating boxing with the cockroaches on your washer machine? weird ass nigga

40. yo pipe down because yo granny was upstairs dancing talking about some "WOO WEDNESDAY WOOHOOO" lame ass nigga she about to meet the woo in 2 weeks

41. still not funny nigga you gotta turn on your microwave for a stronger wifi connection nigga you garbage

42. no nigga yo ass is a triple duper decker OG gangbanger of roblox my nigga you are known as the notorious meepcity crip nasty ass nigga 

42. that was terrible yo barber edge you up with a saints row 4 dubstep gun like shit you dumbass nigga you garbage. 

43. man you so trash bro you got john cena tattoed on tattooed on ya ass cheeck and put your grandpa in a wrestlemania smackdown 

44. boy you are the biggest NBA Youngboy fan on earth yo barber asked you what you wanted yo ass started talking about some ROUUUUND AND ROUUUND. ROUUND AND ROUUUUND! weird ass boy you lame as hell.

45. no not again nigga you got banned from the local zoo because yo ass put a alligator in a forbidden australian choke hold boy you strong as hell

46. nah nigga yo uncle leroy got a special role as the cyber karate crackhead in cyberpunk 2077 yall both ugly as shit 

47. no that was lame too boy yo ass cancelled your birthday party because the dj didnt play exclusive lakewood church music boy you dumb as fuck

48. still not funny yo granny got arrested bc that bitch was on the corner selling HEB pepto bismo like shit you lame ass nigga

49. nigga you weird as hell you look like a secret downsyndrome monster from gravity falls nigga you lame as fuck

50. no boy you look like a dark skin liu kang from wakanda like shit over there karate kickin niggas in tiger print gucci slides dumb ass boy dont say shit to me
51. fuck up nigga your uk ass goes like "oh mate i ate me bake beans for breaky i gotta let out the gass" fat ass lame bitch

---------------END--------------             


 








 



