Steezy’s Way of the bible (mini)

Starting Pack : 

Nigga your head looks like a dorito my nigga you got that shit from phineas and ferb tell me why i saw you beating your meat to dora the explora at the middle of the night while saying “drop the beat” you dumb ass nigga gothic emo ass nigga.

You teach canadian stick bugs to play block ops 2 to help you complete the easter egg in nuke town you are a cyber bullying kangaroo jamaican warrior with dislexic toe nails and cheetah cells.

Counter Pack : 

Shut up you dumb ass nigga i’ll get on yo shit too my nigga i know you aint trynna talk back to me nigga I’ll slap your tounge back into your mouth my nigga you upside down weird body shaped ass nigga. You built like a snowcone wearing a Yankees jersey my nigga you look like the retarded fro-zone.

Alright my nigga im finna get to baking on yo shit my nigga you nasty as shit boy tell me why I saw you recycling monster cans to make a AK-47 my nigga i back-hand slapped you with a cup of whale sperm and you had a juice world moment nasty ass nigga.

That was ass nigga you got a Wilson NFL Super Grip Football just sitting in yo garage boy cuz yo great grandfather played on the Washington Redskins back in the old days boy you ugly as fuck

Packs : 

What nigga you literally have a strange condition where yo nut sacks shribble up like dried up raisins whenever you eat a soggy french fry from McDonalds

Shut yo dumb ass up bitch tell me why you farted in a bottle and then squeezed it to smell it my nigga you nasty as fuck boy you went outside to catch lightning in a bottle and that shit struck your thigh and you started calling yourself Thunder thighs.

Tell me why I saw you listening to travis scott without autotune then you got your grandma’s voice box and started beat boxing to skrillex you nasty as shit.

Short Pack : 

that shit was ass you was using soysauce to summon a pakistanian cockroach demon boy you lame as hell

man you so trash bro you got john cena tattoed on tattooed on ya ass cheeck and put your grandpa in a wrestlemania smackdown 

Your grandpa lives in a gay pride aslyum.

Your big brother looks like a cricket that has NBA Youngboy on loop.

nigga ya mom got moth legs taped to her eyebrows you weird ass nigga you got one piece of hair sticking up like alfalfa you ugly ass nigga.
It’s just a mini b for beginners